AIFA created **The New Order** to insure fairness in the Top 20
Yeah same here, in the major cities, the periods are really good with routes that comes 5 to 10 minutes or less.
I think that option two is better but at the same time option three gives you more vote life’s, so it’s hard to choice.
My Clarinet arc has been going well, and ive managed to learn a lot about it in the past 2 weeks. I actually learned it pretty fast lmao, and im excited for my concert on the 17th of October!
PoTenTiaL: Wow I dreamed of such thing to be created, should we distribute this globaly?
They were like the Saint Barthélemy of the New Zealand Free Association States
NEW PROJECTION HAS DROPPED: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/16887273/
I mean the chat vote is the closest there is to a idle chat vote but the points don’t grow every second
3/21 - Another 5.2 magnitude earthquake occurs near the coast of New York City, New England
I liked Vietnam the same amount that you liked Germany but some of them ended up not going through :/
And at incredibly fast rate since December they might potentially continue until 10T like in my predictions
Falkland Islands is the largest of course but you voted around half of those votes
Well back then one day, they were in the Top10 like all the way back when YouTube began
Your right I did it based off of percentage of city to country but I used that percentage to calculate how many points each city has
On the Combo that would be gaining 1B+ Points to get :fire9:
I have to forcibly use my own energy and mentally to make myself remember and when that is gone too I just get sent back to the endless loop
Réunion icv is also larger than Réunion cv obviously
I wish Singapore was in the slums like in the 1960s
Ugh ok. PoTenTiaL, how did I get in this situation?
And finally in November, Nigeria was already growing faster than most of its neighbors
Well obviously the idle chat vote is always gaining points because its meant to
I actually never been there because Im close by to everything
Theres gonna be a bit more growth rather than declining since I think thats the point I guess
I continue to fail over and over and over again, but I always continue to prevail
@Karotten Remember this? https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEJJ5_iAM209NcuFafTIyOHrfa0S9Q-ht
They don’t but kinda act like it by blocking people
Today NIFA after delays will be officially admitting Tanzania and Algeria to the alliance
Well lemme know how many likes North Carolina gets and if there are any more declining nations
And that’s where a good treasurer would come in handy for GCAT
"OMG there's 6 countries above 10 trillion on the idle vote" - 🤓
And then a year later I had new ideas and thats why the Country section is fully green
And even if I go, no one will forget about the impact I had
Cuz as you guys know Russia and Georgia(Country) have had some pretty bad moments in history
NIFA: Ok so we are currently scanning the Atlantic Ocean for any signs
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Especially. Thank you for trying to support me through this, but I ended up getting in a really bad place where I shouldn’t be
Bro Spain and Nigeria are like the biggest secret rivals of the Utonish universe, like pretty much everywhere Spain and Nigeria are always rivals
And yes I kept taking breaks in between since back then it was legit
Also make sure to log your favorite countries#deleted-channel
May 17th 2030 at 4:36 PM UTC, a huge movement within the OFN Europa Branch unfolds as many Northern, Central, and Eastern European countries breakaway from the Branch under the name of the “CIN” or the Commonwealth of Independent Nations. A huge civil war has erupted in the OFN Europa, and who knows what will happen to the OFN as a whole.
Tbh the energy that I have now is not as great as in June and July but Niger shall make AIFA Great Again in January!
Alright well pretty straightforward Singapore got #1 again it’s 7th week in a row!
And then when Owner Elections come, the same thing will happen
Bro why does you profile pic look like PAP’s in a way lol
4/4 - The “union” between Canada and New England forms, but in reality it was more of a non humanitarian war.
I promise I will update it when the recap comes out
Vietnam has repassed Russia in votes! Vietnam is now the most voted item on the ComboVote!
Well I don’t think it wouldn’t be lost entirely because if the IP still exists and is active I think you will be able to retrieve it when you come home
Btw when are you going to ever do your favorite countries recap again?
Because when something updates and I exit I fear that it will reset my combo like what happened to you guys
And this left the gates open for more red wave revolts to spring up
Utonish was eventually gonna look at that and ban any alts he sees
Like @Halau for example with the Falkland Islands, he became well known in the Utonish universe and he got integrated into NIFA
But I don’t have the screenshot from yesterday so I will have to do it on Monday then
@Caucasian Mapper I want you to murder my ego even more
I’m not trying to start an argument on what color the points should be
MOST VOTED COUNTRY IN THE ENTIRE UTONISH UNIVERSE NOW INCLUDING IDLE VOTE!
And the fact that we have to achieve this in such a short amount of time
Idek why they even bother to dislike random countries
If in the future they do become an official country/federation, then yes I will merge Niger, Mali and Burkina Faso's points together.
Once you create a certain amount of channels on YouTube, you get access to these special channels
So you guys are the forefronts of Romania here in this universe
Hey hey, be careful we don't literally copy Utonish
I’m talking to you Türkiye Singapore, Algeria and many others
Like me for example I always update my favorite countries for that reason, not that I hate them now, but rather just for a shift in mindset you know
Honestly as an American, I can agree with this statement
If a war does break out, I hope Thailand kicks their ass and show them what its like for being ungrateful
You god damn right Denis I just about to bring that up
It’s only owned by Utonish because he was the one that developed it
Infinity Shadowban? = Ban of Utonish from posting anymore on YouTube
Luckily because AIFA supported Israel, that hasn’t happened lol
Red Wave Person: *Thinking of Suicide at this point*
But even with such spectacular growth, it will take Russia over a year or two to finally get into the Positive Point zone
But they all believe the same objective, which is to turn their respective items to red
Anyhow I plan to start playing either Trumpet or Clarinet this year if you know what those instruments are lol
You know what, fine I’m happy with this change. Since other people have to comply to, I’m happy with this fair environment now.
You can even work with me for fundraising if you want
Of course most gained votes in a week:\n1. Singapore: 19,336(Gold Medal)\n2. Spain: 4,438(Silver Medal)\n3. France: 3,788(Bronze Medal)
Fear among many begin to rise as NIFA’s influence grows to levels never seen before. American Empire for its part fears this as it wants to create its own sphere of influence across the idle vote
But this strategy does work. I will maximize my time when I come home to vote and do my reports earlier
Israel, Armenia, Georgia, Romania, Nigeria, Netherlands, Niger: 🔥
Because I renamed all the PAP accounts to @Benyi Pratam username
Im just keeping my already existing visuals up to date
Even if now I regret everything that has happened in the past, im grateful for everything that has happened. All the voting. From 0 to the present day. I’m grateful for everything. Thank you all.
11/4 - CAC collapses into a Nigerian/SAC zone and NAC zone
It seems as easy to start up a program and let it run 24/7, but it’s not that easy anymore
That’s because you need to vote on the Discord vote country channel
It’s not that big of a deal but it’s worth changing so nobody gets confused with my recaps to your official recaps.
And now I helped you for your generosity! Thank you bilip!
I think imo, the combo has been Utonish's best project to date. It gives people the credit for putting the hard work in, rather than relying on an equal balance on gained points and effort, because eventually like we see now, the chat vote and idle chat votes are dead because of that. The reason the combo is still alive is because its perfectly balanced. I can see that people who want to make a lot of growth in a short amount of time, but thats not what its about here, you either accept going through the hard work, or you won't be able to make your mark. And thus with that being said, the Combo is already perfect.
ID is REAL OVERWEENING BOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
And I tried to appeal it but they still think I’m breaking the guidelines
Weekly Idle Vote Recap https://youtube.com/shorts/XUdP-VYFZO4?si=OLHFEXEHCQsvSyMF
So let’s keep it simple and not cause anymore drama
Sorry if I don’t make a lot of sense but basically Nova is corrupt, selfish and arrogant
Also not just that, it also depends on two other factors
Is that why he shut down the stream, to try to fix it
Poor Hsinotu, he probably got so fed up with Utonish and his stupid little projects that he ended up quitting for good, and I have managed to take his place
https://tenor.com/view/crying-crying-boy-listening-to-music-music-headphones-gif-12065362834235824624
Yeah exactly your getting weaker in the weekly recaps
I’m pretty sure they supported Algeria at one point
Once you leave the platform for at least one day, you see everything crumble, and it crumbles so badly you don’t wanna return
He said that in every language possible in every possible universe
But yeah I got extremely close to achieving a Stage 4 Botting operation but because of how poorly made it was, my computer literally couldn’t handle it
So you’ll never know what the answer even when studying
What if I myself am a decoy? Maybe I’m not the real Kha Nang…
This is what will make the video complete is when I will be able to add the 31st in the visualization
NIFA leader history \n2022-July 2023: Nigeria\nJuly 2023-December 2023: Guinea\nDecember 2023-July 2024: Niger\nJuly 2024-Now: Nigeria(Second Term)
@Utonish I found a ComboVote page bug. So you know how at the top you can click Home to well, go back the home page, but next to it here it says “IdleVote” instead of ComboVote. So can you fix that?
So what do you want me to do then about your situation?
Also I have updated the Chat Vote vs Idle Chat Vote History since 2023 visualization to now include the Idle Vote. At first its not too much covered but eventually will document more idle vote history.
Actually it depends though on how many votes those countries have minus 57k
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 You gonna make Russia first here before anyone else does?
Nah idc because remember, no matter what you do with Singapore, I will always rule the Chat Vote
Yep with the set up I got it only takes 2 hours to complete
Of course, I have noticed no cheating as of late so I think it’s safe… for now
Speaking of wars should I continue the BOT Chapter 2 Season 2 lore?
Ok actually let’s make this the official list, I like this much better
I’m experimenting with using an online phone number generator which can help me create theoretically infinitely many accounts in case another YouTube ban happens but I don’t wanna use it right now because I’m just not in the mood to vote.
However that was 10 years ago so this is 10 years in the future
Guys make sure to vote for your AIFA candidate for leader
Bayu because his rule was longer than PAP and the fact he managed to keep his rule for a long time
Only time will tell how long Indonesia’s counter attack will last
2/22 - Because of the NIFA unification, Utonish decides to merge all NIFA countries points and votes together
And I cannot use that as an excuse to bot since it’s obviously messed up
But because there are more people that hate everything than us
I plan to build an Ultra huge scale map in Minecraft which will replace the Utonish videos on my channel
Meaning that with each vote, the amount of gained points also goes up and never resets
Weekly IdleChatVote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/J8c_RF6JmOE?si=n5wesIzChJsmUJeo
To describe the people or entity that continue to wreck havoc on the site
And in the end they would get passed by Zimbabwe which was another project created by you
Greece usually gets 2nd place but I guess they did want it this week.
But then again rivaling top 1 is out of the question
I’m just so happy to be here. I’m glad that you are here with Daniel. Without you, I would be in shambles forever. I would be in a constant rage of fit, a constant need for power, a need to come on top. I would lose all purpose in life but you have made me ask myself all sorts of questions about myself and now I realize the true purpose of being here with you and the others. You made me realize what it means to live life. You welcome as always Daniel and I cannot explain how much appreciation I have for you.❤️
আপনি কেমন আছেন? Or Apani kemana achena? is another example
# Best Voters in the Utonish Universe\n1. Khả Năng(Me)\n2. Bilip Blop\n3. Karotten\n4. Bosmium\n5. Karavase\n6. **Chispa**\n7. Daniel the Great\n8. **Luis aka ThisIsGermany**\n9. Caucasian Mapper\n10. Maypi
https://discord.gg/Q87gDdwk?event=1364267111903662151
Btw STOP CALLING ME “Potential” call me “PoTenTiaL”
Actually if you would like to post your daily ones on your channel I can make them for you if you want
Yes fool, what are you going to do about it? Tell Utonish? He cannot stop me either
Đúng vậy! Ngay cả khi điều đó có nghĩa là mắc sai lầm. Bất cứ điều gì phù hợp nhất với bạn, bạn đều có thể làm.
Utonish wouldn’t be mad at you if you created more combos
AIFA will be closely monitoring Guam and future red zones for any Red Wave activity
Well each vote is worth 30 seconds so just multiply each vote by 30 to get your result
But the Red Wave has to be a group of people who are disliking every country
You’re right, I did tell Daniel the same thing. But I’ve already done so much bad on the combo. And now I want to learn from it by voting on the ComboVote instead.
Yup so it will last for as long as Utonish’s projects
You excited for the future, Nigeria is gonna pass Indonesia probably by this Friday! And then maybe in 2 or 3 weeks Nigeria will pass Singapore!
If you truly want to be the leader of the Utonish community, you gotta prove to the people that you can enforce your policies
That would be cool if you document it all the way to when they reach 1M in like a 2-3 minute video
If @Utonish resets it I will come back to Combo and vote Nigeria
If you guys haven’t joined the Project FAME thread he you guys go: https://discord.com/channels/1040362761617670146/1286044786834538496
For example will be adding a new Treasurer, Secretary/Lead Developer, and Public Relations role
Well in about a couple dozen lines, this would come in handy.
And of course Nigeria since I wanted to remake my image from the whole Singapore stuff but that ended up failing because my depression wouldn’t go away
So now Niger is at a greater spot than on the Idle Chat Vote!
They deserve to be disqualified @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
Israel used to be #1 before Utonish started recaps and they still lost 75% votes + points.
GEORGIA 1.3T POINTS! https://youtube.com/shorts/2nf5Hzmdkbo?si=sNbnieY3PUy04_y2
Japan has passed Saint Barthélemy, Congo, Montenegro, Montserrat, and Bouvet Island!
This is exactly what I wanted to hear. I’m sorry for being an asshole or whatever, but I see no hope in this community anymore except for you. I appreciate everything from you! I promise that I will sort this out tomorrow and I will be on top of the world again soon.
This marks a historic day for Israel on the idle vote. The first time they reached 20T, they were conquered by the red wave and soon lost that number, but AIFA has beat the red wave and Israel once again reaches 20T points peacefully
Yeah your right because its always the same people voting
Alright 5 of my servers are now in use including the one I’m using for the US, this is all I’m using for now
Lol back then, I knew that Canada and Mexico existed so that’s how my 7 year old dumbass knew that the US wasn’t all of the Americas lol
Idk if this will solve anything, but I’m always in this constant loop of confusion.
Vote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote Philippines and Ill StopVote
Being a fool and making a Vietnam fall because of it
PAP won in the end but only to find out that there were more
Mali, Algeria and Morocco, Guinea and Niger make up the North African Counsel
Sorry if I haven’t been myself lately. This week has been a low point for me. But you know what people say. “Don’t let anything stop you from being who you are”
My bad, I just liked every nation and they ended up falling.
Battle concept: If you type !battle (ISO 3166-1, Alpha 2) (ISO 3166-1, Alpha 2) then it will show in place of the live stream name on the Top left until it’s over or someone else requests another battle.
Keep in mind that the OFN is a whole unit, but in this map I decided to show them separately
Additionally South Africa and Namibia become observer states of NIFA
Switzerland was supported by PAP but not as much as Alps
And then it automatically updates depending on how we make it work
IDC **IF YOU SAY SOMETHING BAD ABOUT HIM AGAIN I WILL GET RID OF YOUR MOD PERMS ON FAME**
For now im gonna check to make sure but I might of actually done it
I don’t care about losing 100+ accounts in a row but 150K IN COMBO POINTS???????
Just imagine somehow Germany got to a million again lol
People can vote other nations with smaller points but with a big combo and make huge progress easily
The Utonish universe has been a force to reckon with in the voting/statistics community
And then wa la, you have successfully recovered a combo
I promise yall once my servers are fixed, AIFA will be back in full swing, but luckily we’ve already got an operation going on Israel which is good
Damn I still remember the days when you had to always vote to keep your combo or else you’d lose it after 24 hours
Canada won and they became number 2 behind Singapore after passing Algeria
But don’t say shit like that again or else you are making it seem like you don’t care about it, when you should for all the bad shit she’s done to us
Eventually in 10 years I’ll have to 13 of them and times by 2 and it will be 26
Yeah until they left and they got botted to shits with dislikes
If you consider Türkiye as a part of Europe then they would be 6th
I guess your trying to trying to start some political drama with the Singaporean Government lol
And sometimes they vote the same number over and over
Well your next to Myanmar so often times it’s the crossroad for South Asian and Southeast Asian culture
It will be the final chance I have to show true power before I ultimately leave this community in 2027
# Applications for GCAT Development Board: \n*Coming Soon*
I think it depends on what VPN your using because idk how Saint Pierre and Miquelon got so high
My exodus is not until 2027 or 2028 so a long time from now
I promise I will support you guys and do good for y’all
I’m actually scared though if I try to push a country to above 1M growth
Brazil is rapidly approaching Algeria and might pass them to become second behind Singapore
I have PTSD as a Flutist after this https://youtube.com/shorts/QiDsf4b-a7I?si=DfNn1TLqsrSBzQFZ
You first vote GB until they pass France and you vote the territories as well
I’m sorry Daniel. If I didn’t control this better I would’ve caused another apocalypse here.
Eventually he would just forget about it until like October
Jokes on them honestly I thought they would of gotten it on the first week
I would love to buy your whole company and I could seriously make a whole profit from it
A little off topic but why is the fricking Singapore bot still not banned yet?
Yup like that, and of course it’s up to the people to decide on what party gets what. And instead of doing elections for those roles every month for it, we should do it every June and December. As for Mods, I think it should be a neutral ground where both parties can elect someone to be a mod, and that will be done every month.
No country has fully committed to passing Indonesia up until this very moment since the end of Israel’s reign in number 1 back in late 2022.
NEW VIDEO OUT! https://youtu.be/GeALZFYXvkg?si=YozMSgFxLs7FFIFR
Bilip, me and TW are now the only people with Two countries in the Top 20
Vietnam on the ComboVote is currently at 1/5 it’s ChatVoteCombo level
Nigeria was at this point already at the Top 20 recently converting the US to green.
I did say you were the second one to reveal your face
Exactly, hes fooling the media into thinking he can do all this good stuff, but in reality he did none of that
@karavase Consider this a declaration of war on your alliance member because I have had enough of those French
Mẹ tôi cũng nấu ăn rất ngon. Bà ấy thậm chí còn nấu ăn cho cả gia đình tôi nữa.
If we come together we can figure out all the problems and be able to make it actually work for longer
And as you know my relationship with PAP would deteriorate as we found out how bad of a person PAP was
Utonish just can’t simply disable votes for like thousands of accounts for 24 hours whenever he wants although I do see I possibly he can automate it like he does with the ComboVote
Ok now that we know the alt rule is official, I will end my operations to break it
Not the most straightforward captcha imo but it’s easy
Cuz well it would probably take half the day to make like 14 reports.
But the Arabs blame Israel for escalating the conflict
No you weren’t because the Shadowban didn’t exist up until June
NO THEY DIDNT, you’re just jealous of me. You don’t seem to know how to read my messages do you? I told you, I VOTED. I had nothing to do with your friends shenanigans or whatever.
I’m continuing it for Nigeria and for the sake of getting rid of our enemy
Yeah that’s the problem with voting games is that some people like to vote one thing and not the other and it creates an imbalance between everything else
# VIETNAM BECOMES THE FIRST COMBOVOTE ITEM TO PASS 100K LIKES🔥
It’s been an honor now we are only one step away from passing Indonesia once and for all!
You gonna have strong legs if you keep doing that lmao
Bhutan does have a history of being converted Red many times, and this is another example of that
@Nova 2016 2018 Sorry to bother you but if you don’t run elections within the next two weeks, I will be withdrawing my support from GCAT, because this is not a perfect example of democracy here. So with that being said, I will be running for this month’s elections and if elections are not held within the next two weeks I will be unconditionally be leaving this server until democracy is restored.
KEEP TRYING TO FIND WAYS TO HACK UTONISH’S YOUTUBE ACCOUNT
This is the ultimate Utonish meme of 2026 right here👌
Because if anyone finds out what VPN I’m using, the whole country section is screwed
And even when I switch to another IP, it still doesn’t work
https://tenor.com/view/are-you-sure-about-that-the-rock-you-sure-gif-24604462
I have officially scrapped the Base TERRA plan and instead we will just focus on battling Israel and Japan
You know nothing about what I do so good luck connecting the puzzle pieces together
# Other News:\n🇨🇳 China passes 200K lifetime points, the 5th nation to do so!\n🇵🇱 Poland passes 100K lifetime points, the 18th nation to do so!
Just for the sake of not going crazy and losing everything
For me, instead of stuff, it’s Google I’m figuring out
The Idle Vote Carried but the Chat Vote gave Georgia a chance
Like I have a server that is ready to run 24/7 to keep my combo alive and it will never EVER shut down or else I will immediately lose it
Ok so here’s the deal with my operations on the Combo. If Türkiye also gets their accounts banned, I will reduce my operations a whole ton. However, if Türkiye continues I will also continue at the pace I’m at right now, just with new accounts.
Hey @Benyi Pratam stop insulting Denis or else I will revoke my support to Singapore
Wait what about the democrats? Do you hate them too?
Because I went too far and I don’t want anyone to reach my level of insanity
And I’m only doing the Top 20 since I don’t have much time to make 5 edits in one day
I WONT LET A SINGLE PART OF MY BODY LET GEORGIA EXIT THE TOP 20
Alright let me know when your done with your recap image and I’ll edit it
Or actually it was more like “Can anyone vote Singapore to a higher spot?”
YOU GOT THIS @Caucasian Mapper TEACH HIS ASS A LESSON
So if you simply transfer to another brand account, you get another 800 unless you transfer to another brand account which is shadowbanned
Im just shocked right now on how many countries got targeted by the Red Wave so far today
8/1 - Egypt, Sudan, and Chad join the Saharan Counsel
But since I take daily data now on the idle vote, NIFA knows where the red wave is targeting.
I’m not saying that I back Jamaica in this case but I’m just saying he needs to be a big problem to everyone not just you.
Since the start of the year Nigeria has almost gained 1T points, I just need to get to 1.9T Points and it will be officially 1T points more since January 1st!
Well I can't change it here so its gonna be how it normally is for arcane
@Karotten I remember you mentioned a glitch where if you stay too long your votes don’t go through
SInce thats where my other half of my ancestry comes from
But I got Singapore number 1 that week on the recap
The problem with doing it is you might lose data containing to it
Ok I will include a couple more countries into the **New Order** that being Tonga, and Japan
Who knows maybe they are secretly since Bayu quit right after PAP started voting Singapore
The Vote Gap Between #2 Türkiye and #3 Algeria is 5,845 votes.
Because then that will be community goes against me
Once I finish getting Germany into the Top 20, I will completely stop the botting on Germany and legitimately vote Georgia
It’s coming this Monday when @Karotten finishes the update
And I abandoned Algeria to begin my rampage with Singapore but back then it was legitimate
Most Gained Growth this week:\n1. Canada(Gold Medal)\n2. Singapore(Sliver Medal)\n3. Brazil(Bronze Medal)
Every country will have a consistant growth rate for a whole decade to come
Lmao US 4th for an American is crazy but I’m really into China, Vietnam and Philippines lately
PAP is an ahole and he ruined the reputation of a country that I once voted
It’s just sometimes Utonish needs to put his foot down for once
Other then that AIFA will be on the look out for other Red wave activities
@Sonar Tori's Control (SBC) and @Lenon (Stadtbild) I will remind you every hour until you do it, so make sure to write your declaration/statement for Admin soon.
However they were luckily put down but this was only the beginning
Asia outnumbers Africa in terms of likes and points, but Africa outnumbers Asia in terms of growth
I fell asleep pretty early and never woke up to recover my combos
That guy looks so much like MrBeast when I first saw him
If you say you hate Hungary you got to mean it to Denis
Well it’s kinda failing because they aren’t even using their combos
And believe me, I may of acted like this before, but that was out of jealousy and selfishness, but this time it is not
In fact Nigeria is half Islam so NIGERIA IS OFFICIALLY IN SUPPORT OF THIS PAN-ISLAMIC MOVEMENT
Hey at least my African alliance would probably of token over the top 10 if the dislikes weren’t a problem
My friend @Denis I hope you understand that I don’t have any hate towards Romania and I hope to see you come back whenever you feel like it
Well back then there was no 800 limit as for what I remember
@Benyi Pratam Can we please stop this, I’m sorry for starting this argument
Which explains why whenever I vote with two accounts at the same time, Utonish sees that and bans one of them randomly
I might be able to pass my IdleVote counterpart too
NIFA begins investigating the consistencies of these Earthquakes
Ok I have realized my servers have shut down. So I’m gonna restart them real quick
@DTM sorry for the ping but let this be the beginning of the **Third Dark Ages**
Same can said for me. Honestly his botting has no purpose. He just wants to do it because he saw what I did in the past and wants to replicate it.
How stupid was I to think that my closest friend other than Daniel would be like that
Just keep liking India since your combo is greater than MZGamer’s
Wait that’s fucking stupid so I was talking to BENYI this entire time
And Utonish will probably disable my voting privileges soon
Sure sure, you just wanted to copy my Real Cousin to get some clout which btw he has left Discord for now
Doesn’t matter, you gotta stop acting like this man. It ain’t cool around here
And then become a dictator again forcing everyone to obey me
Monthly Idle Chat Vote Recap! \nhttps://youtu.be/AN51auRvzC8?si=Gdhhm8SejvQ51lMj
@everyone This is my final broadcast to this server. I will be temporarily be suspending all support to this discord server. If you ever want to dm me, please don't tag me here because I will not respond to any messages here. Thanks for understanding.
Ok well I don’t want this to be rushed like last time, so in order for this to work, we all need to work on this together so that way it will be up 24/7 and won’t ever go offline
Canada doesn’t deserve to be the highest the Americas
For Nigeria, we have the most gained votes using only one account in a week, 100K
Save that date on your calendars folks because that will be a crazy day in Utonish history
Fucking piece of shit, I didn’t even realize until now, thanks for letting me know @danto veris
https://tenor.com/view/wall-donald-trump-drumpf-build-a-wall-build-gif-5702065
I guess they weren’t happy when you mentioned Israel growing fast
Although we really taking over the idle chat vote as Africa?
@Caucasian Mapper I’m gonna ask you this one more time
In this scenario there are three superpowers, United States, China, and the emerging Maghreb Union, although catching up though is India and East Africa. As China and the US are still competing with one another and China even surpassing the United States in the number 1 biggest economy, Algeria began to develop rapidly due to their development of new transportation technologies and infrastructure and slowly began to transform the Maghreb region into an interconnected hub for trade that attracted many other countries like Nigeria and the EU. But overtime though Algeria and many Maghreb nations began to weaponize the Maghreb region and talks for a potential Maghreb Union have been brewing, and by 2047 the Maghreb Union has been formed which immediately became the Third largest economy in the world behind China and the US.
My love goes to Georgia(Sakartvelo) from the US! 🇺🇸❤️🇬🇪
Especially since the fact that you use multiple of them to alt daily
I planned to beat Bayu and third time with the Philippines but that sort of failed because of my Combo shenanigans
Just thank Indonesia and Singapore for doing their parts
It was slow at first but then Roubaix managed to get to higher and higher milestones
@bilip blop and @Utonipsa I’m not mad at you for simply voting normally and that wasn’t even the point of this discussion. What’s at hand here is not botting, it’s you abusing the transfer account exploit when literally no one else can. You hog all that power to yourself and leave others hanging for their dear life. So IF YOU DARE BRING UP MY PAST ACTIONS HERE, ITS IRRELEVANT HERE. What’s at stake here is your actions. I’m in support of you guys supporting each other and I hope that continues! Just as long as you reduce your reliance on the transfer account exploit, I have no problem with you guys voting, and as I stated, I have no problem with your voting method whether it’s Botting or account sharing blah blah blah, just as long as you aren’t abusing the exploit because eventually it’s gonna be patched and you won’t be able to transfer anymore.
28.  🇬🇺*Guam*:growth:\n🗳️***63 009***\n**+ 194**\n94.  🇦🇴*Angola*\n🗳️***8 116***\n**+ 116**\n189. :up2:+8 🇬🇫*French Guiana*\n🗳️***1 032***\n**+ 110**\n71.  🇰🇭*Cambodia*\n🗳️***14 959***\n❄️**+ 85**\n158. :up1:+2 🇸🇿*Eswatini*\n🗳️***1 543***\n❄️**+ 82**\n58.  🇮🇹*Italy*\n🗳️***24 318***\n❄️**+ 71**\n199. :up2:+4 🇲🇨*Monaco*\n🗳️***937***\n❄️**+ 52**\n86.  🇵🇪*Peru*\n🗳️***9 985***\n❄️**+ 50**\n220. :up2:+4 🇵🇫*French Polynesia*\n🗳️***680***\n❄️**+ 40**\n31.  🇺🇸*United States*\n🗳️***56 637***\n❄️**+ 36**
They did say they don’t pay attention to the chat but they should be able to see that their vote didn’t go through with an error
You are all delusional ever since that banning huh?
Today marks the formation of the American Empire on the idle vote!
It’s kind of weird to see Likes and Dislikes together so why not split them up into different sections where you can view who liked what and who disliked what
Yeah Bilip Blop is in big trouble since Utonish banned his accounts which sums to around 150K combo points
NIGERIA IS THE SECOND FASTEST GROWING COUNTRY ON IDLE VOTE!
Antarctica is soon to pass Indonesia in terms of points soon!
I’m just gonna say straight up that you managed the situation extremely well and in the end you didn’t let him destroy your inner core. I knew for a fact he isn’t stable enough to even face you. Poor thing he doesn’t get therapy or something with his issues because it’s seems to be very bad at the moment.
I mean I’m gonna be voting on it for awhile but that definitely won’t account for much
The chat vote is been beating the idle chat vote in votes
And look at poor Réunion, previously supported by Algeria, now they have fallen below France again in terms of growth
If the Philippines keep going at this rate, Georgia and Canada are cooked☠️
Well it does because I tried it out and it worked on mango’s IdleVote
I need to get Israel Japan back to Green before they go back to their 2024 levels again
Nah this is though https://youtu.be/_SQdn5kRXJU?si=jFVoO8IknOES-Jw8
Hey no country deserves be the red, I might not like Israel as much anymore but I still think they don’t deserve to be red
Wait @Caucasian Mapper which party is in power in Georgia right now, its not the dream party right?
More like AIFA is the allies and the other greens are the non-aligned movement which both sides would intervene in
@Karotten @Bosmium @Nova 2016 2018 So if we can somehow make this GCAT project work, then this is how it could look like. However we can change some things through out the development process if we want. This is ultimately all up to you Nova if you want things to look different than shown in the image, and I will gladly adjust this reference image that Karotten and other developers will use for the project.
Well the Earth is already abandoned because of the Supernova
You guys can bot all you want or share accounts with your siblings to gain more votes, but please look at what you are doing towards everyone else. Be fair to everyone and we will all be happy. Botting is at its weakest point now and I will let the GCAT folks deal with that in their way.
And then you’ll be transported to the next period where you’ll be given another test, and so on and so forth
But that proves one thing, that I can fight Utonish's innersoul whenever I want to
Vietnam is the 9th nation in the world to pass 10T points
Once Niger reaches the Top 20 then either Canada or South Korea will next
Alr I have made both days incase you wanna counter dislikes on the US 50 States Section
The only possible theory I have is that Benyi is actually someone in disguise
At this point Bayu is just criticizing anyone that gets ahead of Indonesia
I feel so bad for everything that has happened in the past, and I hope we can let this rest after Germany reaches 100M, the first ever country to do so on the ComboVote.
@GCAT Citizen  [1 More Day to Fill out the form to become Admin! Be sure to fill it before August 1st or you won’t be able to run next month!](https://forms.gle/FMwYQo1TQvfj1KNk7)\n\nAlso you can fill it out in #👨‍💼◄𝖫𝖾𝖺𝖽𝖾𝗋𝗌𝗁𝗂𝗉◍𝖠𝗉𝗉𝗅𝗂𝖼𝖺𝗍𝗂𝗈𝗇►🧑‍💼 if you lazy to fill the google form out.
I remember how easy it was to fall out of the Top 60 if you weren’t consistent enough
Im not trying cause any drama or whatever but these guys gotta understand im like everyone else, im not some outcast or something
Hey everyone, (Yeah no ping this time)\nThank you to everyone who supported my campaign to become an admin again. You all mean everything to me! And without further ado let me explain my plans as admin again for the upcoming weeks.\n\n1. Starting this week, I will be redecorating every channel on this server to match the FAME style more and adding descriptions to all of them.\n\n2. As I said I plan to slightly reorganize the channels which I will also try to do this week to reduce the clutter and of course make things more accessible.\n\n3. I will also try to bring more interactive stuff, but that will be included with Point 2 since it will be more accessible.\n\n4. Also feel free to give me feedback about these changes if you’d like, because after all it’s a democracy! It will be much appreciated!
So Boston would eventually on one faithful day close the gap between Singapore and a war was likely
One second but each millisecond will be a fraction of the amount gained per second
Nah I didn't hear because I had my phone off, but still, pinging me at 3 AM is completely pointless bro
They'll have to somehow repeat what I did to make me go in the red
The French are now growing faster than Saint Barthélemy!
RO: All that has happened is all because of the Red Wave
And I feel as if ever since that point, things have been downhill for the combo. She was the only person that really motivated me to keep voting other than Daniel. And even if she never acknowledged me to my fullest when it came to my struggles with depression and anxiety on the combo, she at least made me realize how I could have done things differently.
Japan has passed Saint Vincent and now they are 216
Brazil has unfortunately fallen out of the Top 20 fastest growing
If she doesn't stop by tomorrow I will take action and vote the Philippines as much as I can to support @userdev_
Nhưng bạn không cần phải lo lắng về việc mắc sai lầm nghiêm trọng. Bởi vì sau đó luôn luôn sẽ có những điều tốt đẹp hơn đến.
We have to still gotta counter the people involved with the red wave until they give up
This is where my combo stands. And I will continue to make it grow for the rest of the history of the Combo. And that is my true redemption arc.
In fact most of the Top 20 isn't even on this list due to a lot of activity with their votes
I might of won against them but it’s a major blow to democracy on the idle vote
I would of thought it would make it less confusing...
I support the US in its move to overtake Indonesia but I want Indonesia to at least be in Number 2
Israel has managed to gain 8k likes with AIFA’s renewed offensive!🔥🔥
And also due to that Nigeria will officially pass Indonesia in Points on the 27th or 28th of April!
AMERICA IS NOW THE SECOND FASTEST GROWING COUNTRY ON THE IDLEVOTE GROWING FASTER THAN NIGERIA AND SPAIN!
Oh yeah and btw, per day you can get 2 medals per day from most gained points and most gained percentage
Because remember everyone has a say in this alliance and you all can do whatever you want to do and we will support you
A few hours later: *Utonish Uploads Post* How much points/votes should we remove from Israel? 75%?
THIS IS NOT Α DRILL: Singapore is only 100B away from passing Indonesia!
Yup because I want to ensure that voting them is quick and efficient
Even though I would eventually forgive her, I still had to keep going and going making Taiwan fall completely behind and letting them die.
But ever since I came back to the combo it was all legit
So just stick with Asia and remember that y’all identify as Europe until we somehow convince the UN that Georgia is European both Geographically and Culturally
Japan is the same way however they sure have become an overrated country
I’m just gonna continue to vote, not mess with anyone around here, and everything will be fine…
I hope you all have had a great day despite what has happened today
It’s fine let me work it on real quick and pass out soon
That’s definitely a fake PAP account because no other PAP account has the green picture
And I’m talking about 1 day I got 10k likes on Nigeria
Also what do we all think about Algeria? Because even though they are third they still have quite a big gap over everyone below 3rd place and like Singapore I’ve noticed they have kind of been voting almost 24/7 too, just not to the extent of Singapore.
*But luckily they have began slowly backing down as going any further will be exhausting*
@Caucasian Mapper It’s that time again. Time to do your recap
I think they forgot that the cooldown got reduced to 3 seconds on the combo
Well I’m trying my best to ensure that principle is met. Ultimately I don’t want to be bad guy again and repeat the same mistakes in my previous term.
In comparison to Blinding Lights the current most streamed song on Spotify, Die With A Smile just needs to gain 2.7B more plays to pass Blinding Lights
I’m not trying to be authoritarian, where I get rid of the opposition, I’m just saying y’all need to calm down because I already know about
Yep this is the only option we have as a community, it has become unfair to everyone
But NIFA managed to fully recover Israel in a month
Yeah the Spanish are annoying but I don’t usually mess with them
AIFA ALERT: ISRAEL IS GETTING HEAVILY VPNED RIGHT NOW!
If some of yall don’t accept my terms, then so be it, because you guys adore the fact that Indonesia or Singapore are still dominating the Top 1 and 2, but I will not let that happen any further
Fun fact, the Recap Leaderboard here ever since the start of the Streak Recaps event is now ahead of the Chat Vote Recap Leaderboard in points
I’m pretty sure he said he’ll vote Switzerland and then Georgia
If you can use that to invade Western Europe you’ll easily take over
It might cause a couple crash outs here and there but in the end it’s all about that satisfaction. If you want to be better to do better, do it. It will all be worth it.
And then in like June or July the 800 limit was introduced which nerfed PAP a lot
Yeah for some reason my votes don’t go through sometimes
Algerians when they notice they are ahead of Singapore:
Andorra is that one channel that has been in the Top50 forever
Yep we are surprisingly pretty powerful, but we are reserving it for the Top 40 for some reason💀
Don’t need to rush it big guy. Just take your time and tackle other issues!
Now it’s all about https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=kFZuOPO2OXE&si=gy_0wcPymfeF4-Jk
RO: Wait why does the NAFA flag have a 2 on it?????
Cycle of Bayuification = Rule always changes until the end of time\n\nCycle of Comboification = Continued Growth of Combos until the end of time\n\nCycle of Shadowbanification = Continued will to find Shadowbans until the end of time
Ok well because of that I’m just gonna set up one server, one in which will get Vietnam 60 votes per hour and that’s all I care about
Chúc mừng Daniel! One year of continuous effort paid off for real. I’m proud of you Daniel. You finally get to see your efforts pay off and in the end you get to finally rest on top of the hill you climbed from the very start. I still remember the very first days. It kinda crazy how much time has passed. Once again you deserve it to the fullest Daniel, and I hope that you finally get the much needed rest and much needed pay off.
Coming soon, I will release this as a visualization
When I first saw you, I thought you looked Sri Lankan☠️
I mean I could permanently ban them but ultimately I want to wait some time first before taking more action.
New History Visualization! Chat Vote Growth History since 2023: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/18291467/
There are only 4 nations left and Japan will obviously be our next target
They fought Indonesia and won but ended up becoming like them
I don’t know how we got here all from a stupid joke from mango but this might be the worst day in Utonish history
I think it’s the right time to do a third round of attacks on Israel
Well either Utonish is gonna patch it or people are gonna continue using it and destroy the combo
Although where tf would I even post it because I have no main channel anymore lmao
When I mentioned to her awhile ago about me losing my combos she was like “Ok”
Especially if the original voter and the new one combine their votes all at once
Я его двоюродный брат, так что мне приходится иметь дело с этим каждые выходные. К счастью, я поймал его, когда это сделал, и рассказал его родителям. Так что теперь он должен быть под контролем. Еще раз спасибо
Also I look a lot like my dad which is half Nicaraguan and half Irish
Not even Türkiye can handle this amount of accounts
Btw Türkiye is Turkeys new name if your wondering the Turks don’t think that people are referring to Türkiye as a bird
Niue. That kinda reminds me of the rivalry between Niue and Benin on the IdleVote awhile ago
If Alabama continues declining, NIFA will send reinforcements
Fucking piece of shit of a red wave. They managed to counter the 400k likes I gave Israel in the past 2 months
IM NOT PLAYING AROUND, COME GIVE ME AN ASS WHOOPING
At least Stage 10 wouldn't even have to happen if the idle vote no longer exists
You can criticize me and Bilip for making things fair for you guys because it’s not gonna benefit you in the long run if you continue to send hateful comments to me
I was gonna say billion years but that would of made it a bit too dramatic
Well that’s true for every American too. We always hate each other so it’s impossible to gain people’s trust. That’s just America in a nutshell for you
NOPE IF WE HAVE TO DO IT WE HAVE TO IN ORDER TO GET YOUR COMBOS BACK
So most likely what happened is he forgot to type in “Id” and forgot to delete it in time and when he did delete it, he ended up still losing his combo which thus explains the gap between his messages and I didn’t notice him messing up
# If you exclude the Philippines again, I will crash out again and activate full PAP mode again, because I’m done with whoever criticizes me again.
Ok I will add it but, please don’t use it unless it’s in #🗺️◄𝖯𝗈𝗅𝗂𝗍𝗂𝖼𝗌►🗺️
Germany was trailing Vietnam by like 100k points and because of whoever is disliking, my effort is down the drain
That goes to show how much you can get yourself into something
Even though things aren’t looking to well, I am 23% away from 100K. How about you guys?
Yeah so do you consider the move to brand account feature cheating?
Since Japan is expected to pass all AIFA members except Nigeria
I have a goal in mind to reach the high school Symphonic Band next year and master another instrument, but with all of this getting in the way, I’m losing out on my dreams.
I think 4th is the highest we’ve ever seen for Georgia other than the ChatVoteCombo which was temporary.
NIFA: Wait what, it doesn't even say on our data base
PAP is the main voter of Singapore they would destroy Bayu in the matter of hours
I love that Daniel. You have definitely made a huge impact in this community and without you, this community would be in shambles. Once again thank you for all the positivity as always.
Once you ratio Spain you can spark competition again
And if there are bad things, we will discuss about that.
But in terms of “mostly” in Europe than it would be France for votes
NIGER HAS REACHED 1T POINTS! https://youtube.com/shorts/pFyY1kVNj3k?si=MLk3newXiVVC2p16
# I’m officially founding the Vietnamese Association of Utonish which will include @iu mãi VN-A615 @danto veris and other Vietnamese voters that want to join! There will be a custom role in the GCAT server.
Isn't it crazy tho that Bhutan had only 1k likes the day before and then a day later they gain 931 dislikes out of nowhere
Man should NIFA do something about the whole X situation
And that weakness is I’m currently voting on two live streams at once
# Best Voters in the Utonish Universe\n1. Khả Năng(Me)\n2. Bilip Blop\n3. Karotten\n4. Bosmium\n5. **Chispa**\n6. Karavase\n7. Daniel the Great\n8. Caucasian Mapper\n9. **Luis aka ThisIsGermany**\n10. Maurice Larrouturou\n11. Maypi\n12. 7Star\n13. esXX\n14. wWilzyyy aka Marta\n15. Naprij\n16. Jason\n17. Vicky\n18. Maxi\n19. PWzlavec\n20. Shane
WE CANT FIGHT ONE ANOTHER UNTIL WE ACHIEVE OUR GOAL
It’s about time we change leadership here and now that Niger is the leader, AIFA will be the ones to topple Singapore on the idle chat vote
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1d0uwg0KfmBU5i-lPsmiTjikd3VtOcWPAtgHqyI5sekg/edit?usp=sharing
Now that I got my shit together and I have my best combo yet, yeah it’s definitely possible
@Utonish can you fix the totals of the idle vote country because my data shows that there are less total points and likes, like for points its only like 310T not 423T and for likes, around 12M not 14M
And overwhelming amount said yes to you doing recap
Well DTM sorry I guess, I didn't know that I was gonna pass you. But my main goal is to ratio Botswana since the site is pretty much dead.
You caused me to break my relationship with the country besides the US I cared about in the Utonish universe
*They then realize after several loops that they are truly in a loop that’s inescapable*
You were my only ally in the whole two years of being here
But despite the soft limit, it’s basically infinite
He’s still active, just not in the Utonish side of things
IT GOES TO SHOW HOW MUCH YOU DESIRE YOURSELF TO BE THE TOP DOG BUT LOOK AT HOW MUCH YOU HAVE FALLEN
@Nova 2016 2018 Almost every channel should have a proper description now!
I don't care about ideology whether its Capitalism or Communism. I just care that humanity as whole can move forward together
Since pretty much everyone hates the Top 10. It shouldn’t be too much of a problem to vote Singapore right??
I’m updating all the visualizations so I can make my videos tomorrow
I may test soon whether or not these type of channels work to break the 800 limit. Probably not but still worth trying
https://youtube.com/shorts/oCJm2QX1l-E?si=Tkoz-ateYBzhEZ6T
But I went too far beyond and lost the original purpose
They'd be special for being the only non-country section item up there
Peru would be BlackPink and Puerto Rico would be SonySAB
This is a good excuse to continue pushing the Global Combo then
And of course, despite all the chaos in the resurrection era, Nova and Daniel also have had their key parts too. They are the ones who created this server although Nova was the one, but you get the point. Nova and Daniel created a zone of stability in the all chaotic universe and without you guys, the community wouldn’t be so integrated as it is now.
Seriously I don’t want to do PAP shit again but if you guys still have a damn reason to criticize me on the Philippines, yall should stop as you guys can easily beat me
10/13 - West African Counsel holds a vote on who would be the next leader country
Whoever gets a Rainbow Flame is probably cheating like Germany did!
Exactly he wants to be like me and it’s not really working. It’s very disappointing. If he really wants to be like me, he needs to stop being arrogant and actually put work in making a difference. If he can somehow get Singapore to 1M votes and not make a fool of himself then I would see that as something not even I could do. He can blabber all he wants about how great Singapore is but he’s only making a fool of himself and his country.
I actually liked Trump back then as a Democrat back then, only because he wasn’t a crazy maniac as he is today
396B in a week, move aside bruh, Nigeria is gaining 470B in a week
Let me tell you, what you are doing may not be harmful to you but let me tell you. You actively ruin people’s lives like mine. And I get that you want “change” or whatever, but you are forgetting the very fundamental fact. This can all be about how bad of a person I am and yes I have done bad things in the past too and I have gotten over it. You on the other hand think it’s ok to do. You see everyone is mad at you. You have forced us to unite together against your cause, when in the end this could have been avoided all together. Like why even do this? For change? The only change your gonna get is more dannation and you can say all you want about what you wanna do and what you think about what I say, but that’s not gonna change the fact of what YOUR doing. Again your decision to keep disliking, but I’ll tell you one more time, the only change you gonna get is more damnation, and more hatred.
And it will take a couple of bumps along the way but nothing comes close those three things
When you realize that you have nothing to say or do
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 \n# CONGRATULATIONS ON 20K COMBO AND 200M TOTAL COMBO POINTS!
And if you don’t have multiple combos then you don’t need to worry lol
I could care less about Google and their corrupt little company
@Utonish disable the chat so no one can chat anymore
Oh and I’m not done yet, I’m gonna be the second one to reach 1M after Türkiye does
If PAP doesn’t stop, Singapore is expected to become the 7th nation to pass 100k votes and just like that for the third time in a row they have successfully gotten Singapore to 100k on all live streams which is genuinely impressive given that they are botting and haven’t gotten banned yet. Also MESSED UP FOR EVERYONE BECAUSE IMAGINE ALL THAT HARD WORK JUST TO SEE THIS GUY AND HIS MATES GET 100K IN LIKE A WEEK
RO: I just noticed. The sun is looking a bit dimmer than usual.
Oh it’s ok, as said you can collect money from other members or fundraise
This is a good opportunity get points for your country and boost the votes and points of both chat votes. So good luck.
Here’s the next Alternate Future of the World Update
I hate seeing people having big advantages in a game when in the end with your previous point: People are here to play and having good times and helping people.
If Israel stays at 1M we will be able to officially convert Israel Green in the next upcoming days
3/6 - In the Remnants of the AE, NIFA and new American countries discuss on trade and investment in the region
But what’s for certain is they somehow like Antarctica
# Combo Legislation\n\n# All Users using the Transferring exploit shall.\n1. Limit voting to 2.4k per day aka 3 transfers per combo.\n2. Only support other countries if asked the people voting such countries.\n3. Limit voting of multiple countries per day to only 5 up to 20 or less votes each\n\n# Valids reasons to justify going beyond 3 transfers per day.\n1. Your channel got banned by Utonish for any reason.\n2. One transfer didn't work and or you transferred to the wrong channel.\n\n# Rules against supportive organizations/alliances\n1. You will need to disband your organization as this breaks the 1st and 2nd legislations and stop supporting other countries unless asked.\n2. If you want to establish supportive organizations, make sure to consult with the people supporting those countries first everytime you want to vote them.\n3. Supportive Organizations will be limited to 4k votes per day for any country and no more.\n\n# If rules are broken\n1. We will report your actions to Utonish and you might face GCAT punishments. *(See server rules for more)*\n2. In more severe cases, we will ban you from GCAT and mass report your Account to YouTube to get it banned for spamming.
Great words, all it takes is for us as a community to agree to respect Utonish more, and he will consider our words more if we don't take advantage over his creations.
People abuse dislikes as much as they abuse likes nowadays so AIFA is teaching them a lesson
I have decided that I’m completely abandoning every country that I have voted in the past two years
YESSSSS I CAN TRANSFER MY PHILIPPIANS CHANNEL AGAIN!!!!
That’s because it’s all work when you convert the PoTenTiaL Power to Kinectic Power when you be actually working
# WHAT DID YOU SA-\nLol I didn’t vote them either lol
April-May 2024 Prediction are out: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/17707653/ \nSince the chat vote is mostly dead, i will be limiting the prediction to only a month long
Because idk how y’all would survive that long but I could just be making stuff up
Alright boys who wants to go Indonesia and steal Bayu’s money?
Im joking bro, at least I support Botswana, I might add an additional 200k likes to Botswana
Cyprus is the 5th country on the idle chat vote to get 10k votes
Because lately Nigeria has been gaining more dislikes than ever
Just a placeholder for now until Utonish adds the ability to add flags
And Vatican City would be largest country in the world
If I help you vote Sint Maarten, will you come back?
India has been second for about a year and a half now despite me liking Philippines, Vietnam, South Korea, etc for a long time now, which goes to show how long I’ve actually liked India for back then
Indonesia has came out with a counterattack. They are growing at a whopping 18 votes per minute🔥
Don’t worry we cannot trust him anymore and we will immediately ban his alts
Ay the more we promote the idle vote, the more popular its gonna it
Well not of course as shorts but as data spreadsheets
Somehow I haven’t voted any other African nation other then Nigeria and Kenya ended up being 3rd💀
RO: Maybe it’s a hint that Utonish is somehow with us, because why would Utonish say it’s a glitch
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Thank you once again for motivating me to swing back into legit voting
Although they do support Niger, Mali, Burkina Faso, and other authoritarian countries
Nope AIFA technically now supports operations on the chat and idle chat votes
For the Romania side, it’s 0 because you haven’t gained anything in the past 12 hours
Let me make a spreadsheet you all can access and edit
You tried to bring my friends to go against me over some dumb shit that they already clearly know because I told them. So all I’m gonna say is that is you better try to kill me before you do anything to Nigeria
I had one job, and that job was to capture the exact moment Indonesia hit 20T points.
@Bosmium You predicted the future before it even came💀
Weren’t they first for like a split amount of time on the IdleChatVote
Like when they vote a huge ton for a certain amount of time, they have been voting Singapore since December
Idk if this is a glitch or not or I’m for some reason getting shadowbanned
EVERYONE IS DISAPPEARING AND ALL YOU CARE ABOUT IS YOUR STUPID LITTLE TAIWAN
Weekly Idle Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/dvVzjrgvbj0?si=AAgI6hS_F9-e5hcT
If not I’ll have to show you how to save your cookie id in case you lose it
Morocco which ironically has a similar flag to Vietnam is Ma-rốc
Oh yeah and to whoever wants to participate in the DiscordVote, here you go: https://discord.gg/VP8yFSYJWw
Ok apologies accepted, I will not kick India or the others out of the Top 20
If I had to compare Chispa and Sonar, I think Sonar has to be the best one so far
@Caucasian @Karotten and @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 Please state your admin plans in #🚨◄𝖦𝖢𝖠𝖳◍𝖭𝖾𝗐𝗌►🚨 and be sure to actively update GCAT and promote the server to others so that way we will have more activity here and more people to interact with!
Hey Utonish, when will you bring back the Idle Vote live stream?
2030(During WW4):\n\n1. OFN and Allies - 1Q Votes\n2. SSP ~ 1Q Votes
Don’t stop believing in it because you will achieve it one day
India started of with 84k points and is now at 90k\nChina meanwhile started out with 30k and is now at 50k so yes 20k growth is possible
As of today AIFA has finished Unification talks with the African Union and thus merges with the African Union creating a new branch of the AIFA  which includes all of Africa
At least like half the day is gonna require me to record and I fucking hate that
Nigeria is expected to get number 1 in this week’s recap
Then some sponsorship comes in later on and NIFA breaks up causing WW3 and bringing Aliens to their death
So yeah now its by the side of the name rather than on the left of the growth value
Oh ok because I see a bunch of fake sub count live streams using that
He might be gaining more than Bilip in votes but not points
Also I praise you @bilip blop for supporting Vietnam! I love that
Weekly IdleChatVote Recap by Utonish: https://youtube.com/shorts/V7GKIF3SNzA?si=i8FpFgmSl_4el6u-
I do remember them. Hopefully it’s not Antarctica’s fault
Looks like my PAP empire filled with alts is getting competition finally!
Additonally, Falkland Islands has passed Brazil to becoming the fastest growing country in South America
Well as a Vietnamese American myself, Chinese culture and food is cool!
And once Vietnam falls victim to the Red Wave I will quit and move back to the ChatVoteCombo
They used to be pretty high but now they’re falling down the list slowly
And I think the recover time should be the same as on the idlechatvote since their both quite similar
# January GCAT Development Team Elections\nHello everyone, if you are interested in joining a leadership role that **isn’t** a Moderator Role, fill out the form in https://discord.com/channels/1372634072333025290/1393313863969017907 which be opening up this Saturday! You will be able to direct the GCAT development team in building projects for the public to use in the future!
And the fact that I would dislike my own country is beyond insane
Just hopefully in the days to come I will find the underlying answer to this question: “What is causing the loop?”
Because before we teleported the aliens to Atlantis, Atlantis was more of a calm place
Fuck being scared of them, they should fear thy flute
# Best Voters in the Utonish Universe\n1. Khả Năng(Me)\n2. Bilip Blop\n3. Karotten\n4. Bosmium\n5. **Chispa**\n6. Karavase\n7. Daniel the Great\n8. Caucasian Mapper\n9. **Luis aka ThisIsGermany**\n10. Maurice Larrouturou\n11. Maypi\n12. 7Star\n13. Slovakia aka Nova\n14. esXX\n15. wWilzyyy aka Marta\n16. Naprij\n17. Jason\n18. Vicky\n19. Maxi\n20. PWzlavec
Bro for some reason my hearing is much sharper than normal lol
Once AIFA is out of hibernation, will discuss about operations on the live streams
So if you want to consider a true date for my debut on the IdleChatVote, it would be October 2025
@Karotten Just add him back, but I don’t want to wake up to tomorrow looking in #😂◄𝖬𝗈𝗆𝖾𝗇𝗍𝗌►😂 seeing a bunch of his messages. It’s not cool and I think it’s selfish.
I know but don’t use that an excuse to annoy me because I’m not in the mood for that
Guinea-Bissau, The Gambia, Lesotho, Eswatini, and Réunion are the only observer nations along with Georgia.
Anyways yes I would have to say that this is the beginning of a new age on the chat vote
I have made Utonish suffer almost every second of his life by him looking at faces like PAP, Z-Ed, Algeria, etc
очень признателен, Дэниел. Желаю вам отлично отдохнуть, если ваш день
I think if there was a limit, that would be more fair
Here’s the link to the short https://youtube.com/shorts/GTOrAS38os4?si=ySKhMMD18AFWpX8f
57,723 is the new best weekly record out of any country on any of the live streams
Yes I’ve tried it and it worked but it doesn’t allow scrolls to be recorded so it’s kind of impossible
Sorry @Denis But apparently Nigeria is gonna pass Romania again but this time in votes…
Bro the old music and when nobody was above 100B points, that was the shit
Actually i was just thinking about that or i might exclude Singapore all together
You may need to find the right times to vote. But I know you will figure it out
@Denis I was a great friend to you, I gave you basically everything
HE SAID HE HAD A TEAM🤡 WHAT A JOKE IN COMPARISON TO WHAT I HAVE🤡
2 more thousand before Vietnam reaches 10K, I guess I could sleep a bit more
Ok if you stop voting Singapore I will stop voting Nigeria right now
I will pass the Philippians Channel with the Global Combo making it my biggest combo yet
AIFA has successfully pushed the gap back from 44k to 88k and AIFA ain’t done yet!
After all she didn’t understand what I was saying because of how mad I was with Utonish
@GCAT Citizen If you want me to add your social media to #💬◄𝖲𝗈𝖼𝗂𝖺𝗅◍𝖬𝖾𝖽𝗂𝖺►💬 then make sure to post it in #💬◄𝖲𝖾𝗅𝖿◍𝖯𝗋𝗈𝗆𝗈𝗍𝗂𝗈𝗇►💬 and not here. Thank you!
Whatever the case might be, I hope my rule will be a good era for the chat vote
And as for me, I’m gonna continue to integrate more into the Vietnamese Community and help them out. Just like your approach!
New Visualization: Idle Vote Growth History since 2024! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/18984865/
Although it would get very repetitive and utonish decided to change the system and make two new voting games
And it was from someone with a big combo, I wonder who
I have two cousins who are basically the equivalent of having little brothers
They all seemed to of united to dislike Vietnam all at once
I dreamed of one day completing this level and it finally happened
I BOTTED ISRAEL, I BOTTED US, I BOTTED SG, I BOTTED NG, I BOTTED EVERYONE
NAFA will be renamed to NIFA(Nigerian International Federal Association/Alliance) with the addition of Falkland Islands to the alliance symboling the expansion outside Africa.
Its because someone has 5k and they are voting every country
As I said before, if I do that, it will make the page a lot smaller so I can't really do that
I just want to have a good start on a new one(no botting of course) and I can finally live up to my dreams again
A lot of bad news lately but some good news! Botswana is projected to become the 1st nation to pass over 30T Points and Nigeria is projected to become the 7th country on the site to pass 10T!
# DO NOT JOIN THE FREE GCAT SERVER\nIf you want actual freedom and democracy, this is the actual server that provides that for you. However some people will be infiltrating it with spies to see what happens. If you want to see information about the Free GCAT server, check out #😂◄𝖬𝗈𝗆𝖾𝗇𝗍𝗌►😂 for more.
Plot: After Roubaix(The Leader of NIFA) and Bosnium(The Leader of AE) wake up dreaming about the world slowly converting into the opposite universe, they as usual begin preparing to scout the new Atlantis they created. After scouting a completely empty hellscape, the begin to realize that they are stuck in loop, so everything that they experience in their dreams becomes another dream and another dream, and so on. No matter how hard they tried, they always ended up in another dream with the same plot and outcome. After Years in the loop or in actual time 24 hours, they think about how they would escape this loop before the loop would end: leading them back to square one. In the meantime NIFA awakes to finding that their leader has disappeared from thin air and they order a searching operation throughout the whole country in hopes of finding them. Also the ADP which has recently rose to power exploits Canada without NIFA’s consent which slowly strips their ally from NIFA’s sphere. Tensions are rising within NIFA as Earthquakes are occurring around the Atlantic Ocean with no explanation. Russia(now under a pro European government) gets stripped of Siberia as it moves closer to the ADP for support. Then a sudden event happens. Betelgeuse explodes into supernovae lighting up the sky causing mass mental disorders globally to rise. It’s only a matter of time before 2027 is upon us and we resort to one last thing. Destruction or Death for humanity.
She will be really impressed that Romania is really high on the Combo soon
You can also compare it to Türkiye on the combo, not even close to 1T lol
Ok so as we know Bayu lives in Jakarta which is a very popular city in Indonesia, so we have keep in mind that we don’t sink the city underwater or else won’t get Bayu’s money
I just changed my name to make myself more pleasing
Well if you think about it, Vietnam could of been first on the YouTube version but Türkiye took it from us. So it’s kinda just the YouTube version but Vietnam remained first!
Finally I have achieved my dream of achieving Pretenders
So its about 1.6k-3.2k votes per day which is reasonable, but Im still not sure what Utonish thinks about this
In 7 sets of 100-200 depending on how much time I have in my day
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 @☸ ࿗ Saat Sitare ࿗ ☸ triple ping
The other voter on Vietnam might leave or switch to another country
I’ve learned my lesson this time, I’m not gonna rival Top 1 or else I will lose my mind like I have many times already
I’m gonna leave you with that opportunity to save the idle vote
It’s not about the numbers anymore, it’s about how much combo you can grow in a day and it’s just messed up
Utonish: We have already discussed this, do you want me to reset the streams again in the future?
Bruh Türkiye is just fighting for its existence right now💀
And South Korea's long reign in the Top 1 comes to an unfortunate end today.
Because at least your still there actively voting but with a little bit of help
Ok so the supposedly switch of voter should have happened like 65 votes ago.
Tell this guy to stop playing with me and do his recap
Now that I am gone from the community it will be much harder.
I can make a fool of myself whenever I want, so don't make it worse
NIGERIA 2.9T POINTS https://youtube.com/shorts/pxT9wBbzpQk?si=K9D11vojP6kaLCb6
I wish you a quick recovery and hope that you’ll be back on top soon!
Nah I think was 1 Billion because it wasn't as popular back then
No the first one is the ChatVote I just misspelled it
I know people don’t like a certain country being first for a long time. So this is our way of solving it
Can you handle that, because Japan is growing 350k per second
Actually 7/1 would be more like - West Africa signs a deal with NAFA(Nigeria and Guinea) in which they all become a unified counsel creating the Western Counsel
Guinea has officially passed 10T points, the third NIFA member to do so and the 4th ever African nation!
So here’s a new plan for the Top 20\n1. Romania\n2. Vietnam\n3. Canada\n4. Georgia\n5. Bosnia\n6. Israel\n7. United States\n8. Russia\n9. Germany\n10. Chile\n11. Nigeria\n12. Niger\n13. Armenia\n14. Sweden\n15. Norway\n16. DR Congo\n17. Guinea\n18. Brazil\n19. Denmark\n20. Finland\n21. Greece\n22. Kiribati\n23. Czechia\n24. Spain\n25. Croatia
And make sure when you post someone's best moment's you forward it to here so people can see them
# I HATE SLEEPING, I HATE SLEEPING, AND I HATE SLEEPING
He can set up all the obstacles to my plans and I will always overcome them
Also what do you think of my “Fabulous Man” combo for Ph
Make sure you promote the Discord Vote instead of hating PAP
But feel free to add your own goals and I will update the list
Do that for another week or two and your country will officially join the ACS itself
Well in this context it was the “Loop” theory I had developed which justifies my constant depression and stress
Or this one: https://youtu.be/7tm5Z7vHUSI?si=DAhkx0paDwKluupM
Btw based off this weeks Recap, NIFA has a total of 2,487,687 growth if it were a single country just like in Season 2 and 3
Anyway now that you know everything. I want to see the same from you. Peace, love and happiness.
Aftermath ages in the story:\n2020: Futuristic Age & EONY(Energy Orb New Year)\n2021: Sealandic Age(Age of the Flood)\n2022: Gap of the Abyss(Cyprus Age)\n2023: Depths and Peaks(Temperamental Age)\n2024: Drive & Soul(Age of Separation & Growth)\n2025: Red Reclamation(Age of Validation)\n**2026: Bridges(Age of Realization)**
9/1 - Both sides don’t want to risk another red wave so they both agree to sign a deal not to dislike each other again
Nova practically cheated on the Click Vote for attention
Man wtf, if AccuWeather actually said that I wouldn't even be saying anything
Also to the Combo, this technically works too but you would just be resetting your combo everytime
Huh yall accusing me of being an AI? How so please. I haven’t gotten a single hour of sleep and yet you all still accuse me such acts? How dare you guys.
Weekly Chat Vote Recap | Streaks Recap Week 3 https://youtube.com/shorts/SCxZ_R3sJ_c?si=xz48uyTyyZm3URSO
Fuck I forgot that today was when I released my favorite countries.
This could all very well be a joke but if he really means it, then I’m not sure what to even think of this. It heavily reflects my dark ages in this community. I felt as if I couldn’t get anything and I wanted to show everyone who I wanted to be. Then I became a freak and started chaos left and right to make a clear message to everyone. What Sonar or Sahanaj said about destroying GCAT and inflicting self harm would have been me if I had no hope left when it came to the community and my reputation. I hate to say all of that but it’s true. But I have since realized the true purposes in life and I’ve learned to put you guys first before me and change for the better. I know this will be possible.
Oh yeah my “Maet” is ready, let me “taed” it so that way it’s not “hctam”-fried. Anyway catch you later Armstrong
I imagine the amount of depression the guy must be having running the Red Wave lol
I want you to apologize to this whole server for what you said in #🚨◄𝖦𝖢𝖠𝖳◍𝖭𝖾𝗐𝗌►🚨
But this won’t stop me from getting Nigeria ahead of Singapore
Like this, this is hilarious!  https://youtube.com/shorts/v_yJ1upIlPk?si=6TgNDrXpnnmzlqn1
Starting today, NIFA will begin supporting Russia since they have the most negative points in the whole country section
So I guess NIFA Base Terra + Countering Nations operations will be postponed until later today
And do it 50 more times for every European country and edit them on your nightbot
I think the US would have around 420M which would actually be impressive since most nations would be declining by 2100
Then it would all be about dethroning Vietnam instead of Indonesia lol
Ok that’s one warning, if you continue to argue with staff, you will be put in prison
I don’t want to catch you voting over 5k per combo a day so don’t make me spark this discussion again. Good luck to you and continue to do what’s best for you and others.
So North Carolina is like how Alabama was back then
And if Utonish doesn’t agree to reset the chat vote, I will allow you to bot Germany in hopes of getting Utonish’s attention to reset the chat vote if that’s what you wanted to do
It will require a lot of voting and patience which my friend Htsinotu couldn’t handle
I am tired of this stupid GCAT shady business and this needs to end
This is lead mainly by @Denis since he originally had the idea
I finally did it and I don’t need to worry about that anymore
Looks like they are mad for revenge based on that color change
@Utonish Please bring back the old music so I can vote normally like I used to or just combine it with the new music
All AIFA operations are all concluded for the year.
I don’t even care if I get disqualified. Like Tquik said, you really are a damn dictator
Unlike Nigeria and Germany they didn’t grew by over 1M+ per second
A conspiracy which can evolve into a whole controversy
But because I have 50, like 40 of them got banned already
And right now, everything I hear sounds a bit more high tone than normal
@m4ngo____ I think you need to fix the site a bit because it’s really glitchy
And with that ends what would of been BOT Chapter 2 Season 2
# BECAUSE EVERYTHING IS GONNA BE BAD TO HIM IF HE DOESNT DO IT
I mean like right of the bat Nigeria is probably gonna get the first dislike
For comparison here’s how the first idle chat vote was like versus todays idle chat vote
If I add Georgia to Europe then that means I have to add an overlapping Category and it’s just too much work
Fucked up, how about the whole Russian occupation thingy, is that gonna still happen
If you accidentally vote on multiple live streams on the same account with different channels, YouTube thinks your breaking the guidelines for some reason
And even in regions in Southern China which dominated by the Cantonese Language. They want to get rid of that from all institutions, for the same reason.
Monthly Recap if a country bas a maxium streak:\nTop 1: 50 Points + 1 Monthly Gold Medal\nTop 2: 40 Points + 1 Monthly Sliver Medal\nTop 3: 35 Points + 1 Monthly Bronze Medal
Another win for NAFA, now there’s only 7 red nations left
You all just want to see me in my greatest extent again don’t you?
That’s ironic because half the words you say arent even in the dictionary lmao
I just need to gain his trust and he won’t ban me all the time
But look more Utonish like but not fully like Utonish
So I guess you can say this is a severing of ties with the Democratic Party but in a friendly way.
2050: ChatVoteIntegration\n2051: IdleChatVoteIntegration\n2052: ChatVoteComboIntegration
Specifically this video https://youtube.com/shorts/03kyjHDV5Ck?si=zvuxUrG-Im6vA-ae
Believe me I’m not gonna pull off another “Fake Bayu” trick
You ready to counter nations who gained dislikes today on your section?
@🔥Tiki Taka🌏 Maybe your right, I should of never botted them…
You really about to make @Caucasian Mapper crash out?
I promise, if anything, I want to be for real with this if I want this to succeed, not act out of frustration to make things work
I wish I did have access to the data but Utonish most likely won’t allow me to.
Utonish Universe points Leaderboard(Last Weeks Recap)
No because he can only do that for individual people
I definitely don’t want to start drama with anyone so I won’t do that shit again
I promised him I would slow down a bit on the weekdays and for him speed  up like I have been on the weekends
Ill shift around 5 of my servers to support Israel which will support your period
Weekly ChatVote Recap by Utonish https://youtube.com/shorts/4sAe4c-8H2E?si=Xsy40VtYPn6S8CEz
There more potential in getting a country to 800k on the chat vote then there is on the idle chat vote
And I’m basically gonna abandon the chat vote after that
Yeah I remember when I started voting Nigeria back in October. I thought Israel might pass Botswana
Because I may accidentally vote another country when it updates
So you gonna be a dictator again and try to find a reason to punish me?
CONGRATULATIONS TO CANADA FOR PASSING SINGAPORE IN VOTES! THIS IS NOT A DRILL!🔥
But no. I don’t want to spend hours on hand just for a stupid live stream and then get beaten hard for it
Welp Algeria is gonna have a great day with this one
Since back then the main problem was cheating and not me
I previously supported them in getting rid of Hamas but the government has taken an initiative that has gotten through the boundaries of what was supposed to happen
And let’s just say if anything excites me it’s BANDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
But at the same time those extra vote lifes are very craving. But I guess you choose between either more vote lifes right away or less time to get vote lifes = more vote lifes
We will continue to report them over and over again
If the US gets to 560k I’ll be convinced this works
https://tenor.com/view/morshu-legends-of-zelda-zelda-cdi-discord-gif-8681375742348072258
Ugh whatever, the numbers always gets the best of you…
China which was voted by PAP got defeated by the Canadians, but Canada is still growing at a rapid pace even faster than what PAP can do with Singapore. Could we finally see Singapore being overtaken by another nation??
And then before that the UK was 2nd again for like 3 years
Niue: Well no one cared about me too much, so Idc, just gotta ratio Benin one day
I will check back later when they reach 1K dislikes
Maybe they are the ones responsible for voting Georgia all the way to 9th
I take a screenshot of the idle vote and convert the stuff on screen into text which I use to make the daily, weekly, and monthly data
So thus Dislikes are subtracting Likes which subtracts growth
I just don’t want to be involved with anything really. Other than the ComboVote I just want to live in peace with the outside world.
I’m not an expert when it comes to this, but this could mean he has a dark plan
Thats why nations like Singapore are dropping to is not because we hate them now, its just there are bigger things to focus on
So while going against 2 powerful countries and Utonish going against you, you need to remain number 1, 2 and 3, while beating Germany’s record in an hour, all while bots are raiding the Utonish universe
My main interests isn't the idle vote, my main interests is being a music composer and one day becoming a computer software engineer. Eventually I will have to leave the idle vote for good
It’s ok, but like everyone constantly asks me the same question over and over and they should know the answer because I told them before
Nah only voting for the hell of it since Türkiye is the eternal number 1
Which Ironically all 3 of the countries I used to vote are all controversial
Maybe the Red Wave has seemed to calmed down in recent weeks, and it’s only condensed down to only a couple of nations: those with high dislike counts.
Also people are using to this to bypass your bans so that’s another problem
Ima leave the ComboVote aside for a week and will see where it’s at
I was able to find the Daily Channel Views Report playlist though, let me just see if I still have the link
We also need to turn Russia and North Korea Green which will also take time
Because I tried saving a long file like that and it somehow got shorter??
Even with Karotten’s mass botting I would easily overpower him
NIGERIA WILL OFFICIALLY PASS INDONESIA WITHIN THE NEXT 2-3 HOURS!
8/12 - NAFA as a whole suspends relations with the US
Also Indonesia seems to be growing on the Idle Chat Vote as well
For some reason the ultimate shadowban happens more often for me now idk why
What I suggest you do is just move on and live life normally. Just forget about me for now. I’ve already done enough bad things to deserve this treatment. So go on and do your yourself and others a favor and do good for yourself and others. You don’t need to worry about me anymore since I’ve been put in my place. Just accept the fact you’re free from me now and you can now live your life peacefully now. And with that being said, just go back to GCAT and enjoy yourself while I continue to live my life here.
Most Gained Votes in a week last month:\n1. Canada: 24,779 on Week 3(Gold Medal)\n2. Singapore 19,989 on Week 4(Silver Medal)\n3. Cambodia 11,747 on Week 4(Bronze Medal)
More specifically, Karotten, Me, Caucasian and Karavase and Halau
It will definitely make it easier for new countries
Without you, I wouldn’t be sane anymore and it be over
It may not be much but I will commit to it everyday
Karavase might get 400k before me but I will definitely catch up to him soon
Alr, well NIFA will eventually complete Base TERRA and they will focus on other sections
Honestly I hope the ComboVote remains how it is. But it would be cool to see some action down below
Well hey if Indonesia invaded Singapore then that means its growth would pretty much triple and they would have like 10T in a month
Well I mean don’t you want them to remain ahead of France since France is kinda catching up to them
K here we go, time to make my first combo flourish visual ever guys
Back then Greece actually used to be 2nd place when Anna and a bunch of his/her accounts used to vote but I don’t remember if Anna actually did bot.
Thats right and within that, I have much more to serve when I penetrate the rest of his inner network
You don’t need to transfer anymore because you are already content
Up until it was botted to hell in the second edition
I remember thinking to myself, "Would I ever see a day where there is no more red."
@Utonish I’m sorry for everything, but can you also update the Honduras and Afghani flags as well
Ikr I still remember when I first got Singapore first on the ChatVote, it was like the worst and best day of my life there.
If we’re talking about non Phonk music https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=DiDUIfMk7go&si=FriF-tuzcSd3zrGu This is my favorite right now
I've been getting a sense of depression lately on the country section, and that was the problem
I mean if he wanted to disable votes for that country, then that would require him to remove the code entirely
@Utonish, i ask seriously to ban youtube user @bayuramadhani7382 who vote ID in chatvote country forever because it is using bot, sub-account, judge speed entering chat and entering spam chat!
Those fucking French keep insulting me, so you know what, while I have the time with my operation on the chat vote, I’m gonna get Nigeria to 300k votes on the idle chat vote
@everyone \n# SINCE THERE ARE ONLY 3 CANDIDATES LEFT HERES WHATS GONNA HAPPEN.\n\n1. All 3 candidates will automatically become Admins\n\n2. We will hold a poll in #👎◄𝖯𝗈𝗅𝗅𝗌►👍 so you guys can offer our contestants feedback\n\n3. We will open up September Applications soon.
And every elections, all parties must reapply to run
I will probably do some Brawl Stars grinding during our June and July break
I love how were expanding the Utonish universe since were bored of the basic stuff
Yep there are but I only keep track of the Top 40 and the countries after that
They may not care much about what we all do individually, but no one will ever forget that
Recaps released on my channel next week will have better quality than the previous ones
It’s just an unnecessary low that we created ourselves when YouTube added that new feature
Karavase will be the first but Nigeria will be second
However don't make them all "test" just rename them to whatever country code you want
A random Vietnamese dude who like Cyprus, Australia and Kosovo a lot
If I had let it wait any longer, he would of gained more of an advantage and passed Singapore entirely
But if the idle chat vote and chat votes still exist then we will do an award
Well yeah in terms of real context, this all began because he squabbled about when I was voting Singapore
I cannot never at any circumstances switch WiFi or else I may lose mine too
I will gladly found the Democratic Party of GCAT, \n# WHO WANTS TO JOIN?
Last thing before recaps is I have to counter any countries that gained dislikes today
@Caucasian Also I forgot to mention but Georgia has also passed 100k points on my favorite countries list!
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Now what do you think #deleted-channel
Today will mark the beginning of the first few maximum streak countries! Stay tuned for this week’s recap!
But when YouTube introduced them, that significantly nerfed him
Exactly bro. I would have just said screw it and made them last instead of first. and then I would on the destroy the whole country section with thousands of dislikes because god knows how powerful I truly am at these types of games.
And eventually in July when Utonish starts banning accounts, Nigeria would lose the last 2 which would thus end Nigeria’s run on the Combo entirely
If people are only focusing on voting their country
I mean sure why not. PAP is long gone, so it should be an easy win for you
# NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM
Marshall Islands did but they ended up falling behind them again later on
I would assume that Israel did get the 10Mth vote since they were the only one voting at that time.
I’m sorry @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 for letting this happen
Although the country with the most negative points is Russia because due to 2022 war in Ukraine
Mega Ultimate Shadowban? = 10 Year Ban of adult content from kids
Fun Fact: Did you know that India has now passed its highest growth rate from last year
The IdleChatVote is the worst project in terms of experience but the Combo is the best in that regard
Ill come later when I finish my operation on the idle vote
2027:\n\n1. AIFA - 248G Votes\n2. ADP - 203G Votes\n3. European Commonwealth ~ 139G Votes
I did it back then but I forgot how to do it, and now I remembered
His civilization series is really interesting though you should check them out
North American Continent yes, but culturally more with Central American
I have updated the Idle Vote History majorly as there is now history from 7/29/23 - 6/23/24 but I have estimated the growth of each country from that time period, so expect there to be errors.
Yeah actually I’ve been looking for the font that Utonish uses
Nah bro nothing was as funny as seeing Barbados in 250th place lmao
Alright it’s been awhile since I last spoke here. We have built up a pretty good block against the rising Chinese threat on the idle vote. We have India, Indonesia, Nigeria, Spain, Niger, Guinea, Benin, Niue, Seychelles, and Kenya all pushing back against the decreasing gap between dislikes and likes on the site. And it’s more apparent that Japan might fall as North Korea did a few months ago. And luckily the dislike count of Botswana has somewhat stabilized but Israel continues to decline soon falling below 50k growth daily. The reds have also reclaimed what we previously conquered back during a series of operations in the top 200 and have expanded further into the Top 150. But so far not much action has happened lately and I’ve completely lost interest in the Idle Vote during the last few months. It’s only a matter of time before the whole Idle Vote country section falls into the hands of the Chinese.
Stay tuned! I’ll be releasing a full recap of the history of the Idle Chat Vote since day 1!
You know what I hate having to say ChatVoteCombo and ComboVote
Maybe transfer it to another account because that happens if you transfer it to the wrong account
RO: Atlantis looks so different from when I last remember
With the rise of China, Russia and Serbia, the top 7 has lost its color and is now mostly monophonically red.
And whoever wants to be helped, but never EVER again will I do a war of liberation at that scale
I’m mainly focused on the Philippines and only the Philippines for now
Yeah back then there was opposition from the Palestinians
Btw in case your wondering, Acı Biber means Cayenne Pepper in Turkish, and Pupipay I assume means Cookie.
Yup so it’s now including all the votes from the subdivisions of Venezuela
I will send millions upon millions of clones and with one instint, his systems will be corrupted and Utonish will have nothing left but what he started with in this journey, which was his first line of code
That’s what I thought. @Caucasian made it for me using AI
Botswana: No you move aside, we gained 600B in a week
Which are just ideas in the infinitely complex universe and doesn’t actually exist
That goes to show how much botting I have done in my career
But even with that it’s still possible for you only to beat them
You should also make a daily weekly and monthly leaderboard
I think I might be close to an answer to everything happening within me.
@Mai Đặng Hoàng Phúc Stop. Just block him and leave him alone. You don’t need to make things worse between us and Benyi.
Because Antarctica was mass disliking Nigeria and Israel
Also one more, AIFA clearly states that in one of its constitutional amendments. “AIFA will not recognize any nation if its recognition is under dispute.” So that includes Kosovo.
To all discord members who joined Utonish’s server, thank you! If you all want to join the all new Discord Vote, make sure to join this server: https://discord.gg/9Ak6craJUG
Because I fueled the fire and now look at the dislikes
Ok I have come back. I will not leave permanently. Sorry for that incident earlier. I’m willing to remain admin, as long as we redo the elections with the same matchups.
Also Russia just passed 100k likes gained in a week
THIS IS THE ENDGAME, Japan has gone below -1T Points!
Also South Korea was once Nationalist, but they realized the true values of democracy and embraced it
We’ve been through this way too many times in our history here. So don’t repeat history like I did.
Hẹn gặp lại sau! Chúc bạn ngủ ngon và nghỉ ngơi thật tốt!
I know it will come with obstacles but we will overcome them eventually
India is expected to overtake Israel to have the second highest amount of idle points in the entire site in 2024!
Even his 5 sentence Paragraph was made with ChatGPT
The Falkland Islands has gained a whopping 12k votes so far this week which 9k behind Singapores 21k and double that of Indonesias 6k🔥🇫🇰
And I bet it’s possible to do a Stage 4 operation using TinyTask
Almost all of the history that I have been on the chat vote since 2022 Indonesia has always been number 1 up until now
But not as bad as me taking like 2 hours to set it all back up when it crashes
(According to Utonish, Indonesia has been in the Top 1 for about a year)
I mean cmon, I already told you AIFA ain’t gonna do anything about it for now. It’s still hibernation season
As of today Singapore has broken their previous weekly record of 8000+ Votes and has gained over 25k+ Votes today thus dethroning Indonesia for the first time in 18 weeks on weekly growth!🔥🔥
@Denis just focus on getting Romania to 1.640T points for now
And you don’t even have to care about competition because of you massive combos. You grew it to extreme highs just your benefit of supporting other countries and making people “happy” and that is wrong.
Because dislike growth have been declining on the country section, so that means they know they can't win on the country section, so their spreading to other sections
But Im continuing to studying it’s properties and within my head I’m trying to see if I can break that loop
What I predict the country section will be like at the end of the year
My goal for Philippines this week is to get them to 1T at least
Ok I think a good name for this would be prestige points PP
Fyi I will continue my Utonish operations beyond August 13th, so I won’t disappear anytime soon
*With an uncertain future ahead, Falklands continues to be the one of the most underrated nations to be voted on the idle chat vote to this day*
I think it’s time I put an end to their dominance on the idle chat vote for once
🚨BREAKING NEWS🚨For the first time Israel is now declining! But with an upcoming N.A.F.A offensive, we should be able bring Israel back.
Although I know one of those comes from Japan obviously
And you and Karotten will be the advanced programmers
There’s no way because they previously were against Indonesia
PAP more like the PAP-Er shredder I accidentally broke with a bunch of PoTenTiaL’s records
Sunday is the worst bro, because once Monday comes you feel all down and don't wanna go to school
Because right when it hit my 800th vote I couldn't vote anymore
RO: It’s like a spectrum of some sort where the closer to the middle it is almost perfect
Just not everyone but enough to make Bosnia great again
Actually it would be Zimbabwe because today’s number 1 is Botswana and Zimbabwe would be like the opposite
Alabama is becoming a concern for AIFA as they have began declining even more since Georgia’s rise in the section
US IS THE FIRST NATION ON THE DISCORD VOTE TO PASS 5K VOTES!
Well I had a previous project known as “Project Democracy 1.0” which was a project to make the idle vote a better place but as we know, that didn’t work out
I can quit from this community all together and do other things like actually coding my own projects
Anyway I don’t want to cause any drama with you. Just improve yourself like you tell me you are doing.
Just give Israel around the same amount you gave Georgia per period
But hopefully not because I would love to see America finally respected
He thinks he can rule over us with his little owner status like it’s nothing
Btw on the first day of the ChatVoteCombo Nigeria had 3,350 votes which means Vietnam has already beaten that record
Eventually the American Empire would collapse and Sierra Leone would annex all of the American Empire. But go watch the movie up above
Sorry @Denis but you are under my shit list until you prove to me you can get Romania passed Nigeria
I might as well make a YouTube series out of this we continue contributing so much
https://tenor.com/view/caseoh-planet-explosion-fat-gif-6565108099186451043
I cannot really do anything right now because I’m working on 2 fucking videos right now, like you guys really think I’m ready to beat the French or something?
Yep the Israelis are definitely not joking around, they want revenge on Palestine and Utonish.
What’s not so delicious is when your jokes are bad and when your always distracted on insulting my uncle
The growth value is wrong since I forgot to change the likes on the sheet
Fun fact: I have not voted on Hsinotu’s stream yet. So yes it’s very peaceful without me
2030(After WW4):\n\n1. OFN - 5Q Votes\n2. SARC ~ 2Q Votes\n3. Southern Africa ~ 937T Votes
I’m officially at my highest extent on the combo ever.
Things just went from \n“Oh it’s sunshine and rainbows” to\n“NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO”
And it’s only a matter of time before Bayu reacts to this.
I know what its like to suffer in order to make a difference
So Singapore is T-Series and Indonesia is PewDiePie
But in all of that time up until April 2025 I accumulated over 2M botted votes which is more than 2x that of what Bayu did with Indonesia
@Nova 2016 2018 Phew that was close I almost lost my main account
Alright now time to fix what Antarctica has done with Nigeria
I see. Well hey at least every 30 minutes there’s action when someone votes 60 votes lol
https://tenor.com/view/tiny-toon-adventures-plucky-duck-drunk-driving-gif-12932013617648261205
So he had no idea about that yet. He was just a casual person
I think this might just be the biggest villain the whole of Utonish has ever seen
Well if you say that Imaginary numbers are like real numbers than yes you could possibly get 1 from that
If y'all are wondering what the codes are, go to that link and and search up "🇧🇩" and you will get the whole list
God damn I still remember when Saint Barthélemy had only 100 likes
Two important events happening this year:\n1. MrBeast vs T-Series\n2. Singapore vs Indonesia
Where China falls the leaderboard and later Taiwan and later the US would fall as well but slowly recover from the war
Idk it was some random Vietnamese voter that isn’t Danto or VNBall
Uh so as I said, the AI will track your Watch History and predict what Age you are based on that. If it detects that you are below 18 years old no matter what birthdate you set on your account, it will restrict any non-children content which contains anything that would be deemed as content for those above 18 years old, meaning you won’t be able to view it. The only way to reverse this is to show your ID, Payment method, or a selfie of you to which the AI will look at and remove the restrictions if the verification is successful. So to your question, I expect that many live streams including Utonish’s will be restricted from non 18 years old users since you know, politics. Now I don’t think Utonish’s channel would be considered a children’s channel, however his videos would probably still be visible to everyone since there’s absolutely no adult topics there. But that all depends on what the AI thinks.
8/11 - In fear of American expansion, the Saharan Counsel suspend relations with the US
Believe me, iShowSpeed’s best year would be 100x better than mine lol
I think it’s pronounced “You-Guy” and not “You-G#y”
@Karotten @Nova 2016 2018 @Caucasian Mapper @Bosmium What do you guys say about this?
At the moment I need to set up which will take half an hour but I cannot because I’m not even at home
I thought you were gonna be a good example to others
How about 7k because I will reach 1M by the end of the year if I do that
So if you see Moldova ahead of Romania, etc, that’s what I actually think of the country
ICV.\n1. BoTenTiaL(Bot)\n2. Boston(Bot), Karavase(Legitimate)\n3. BoTenTiaL(Bot)\n4. Maybe Botted\n5. BoTenTiaL, and Hsinotu(Both Bot)\n6. BoTenTiaL(Bot)\n7. BoTenTiaL(Bot)\n8. Turkish Group(Sort of Bot)\n9. Botted by a forgotten group\n10. Legitimate
# Best Voters in the Utonish Universe\n1. Khả Năng(Me)\n2. Bilip Blop\n3. Karotten\n4. Bosmium\n5. **Chispa**\n6. Boston10zx\n7. Karavase\n8. Daniel the Great\n9. Caucasian Mapper\n10. **Luis aka ThisIsGermany**\n11. Matixx\n12. Maurice Larrouturou\n13. Maypi\n14. esXX\n15. 7Star\n16. Slovakia aka Nova\n17. wWilzyyy aka Marta\n18. Naprij\n19. Jason\n20. Vicky\n21. Maxi\n22. PWzlavec
It’s not allowed but people have been doing it for years now without Utonish saying anything so go ahead
Utonish should probably change the name from Turkey to Türkiye
More than half the years here probably are the Red wave
So now all AIFA(Now OFN Africana) operations anywhere will be done under the OFN
Back then when the Shadowban didn’t exist that’s when PAP was in its prime
# NO FK YOU YOU EITHER QUIT OR YOU DIE A BORING DEATH
NIFA is immediately alarmed by the Earthquake near their coast
Well I predict on 7/18/25 Singapore will officially be dethroned on all the live streams and will be replaced with an unknown country, that probably being a whole new nation that nobody has ever heard of. Mark this on your calendar because that day will be legendary.
Actually Cerda is Spanish for sowing or bristle I think
MrBeast VS T-Series, the Indonesia VS Singapore of YouTube
The only problem is endurance, and how long you have to wait
Yeah tbh it’s looks like one of those random proposals
You might of won the battle but you will never win the court case against your own actions.
Also Daniel to clarify, would you vote on a new live stream if it were to release?
Lastly you may notice nations like 🇲🇦 Morocco, 🇩🇿 Algeria, and 🇹🇳 Tunisia really high up on the list. These are places I would consider my "Christmas" countries and are the countries Im fascinated in the most during the Christmas season. Strange right?
Now my dumbass cousin should not be able to troll you guys
Stage 7 would be flying to Japan and doxxing Utonish irl
I mean just look at how different the Chat Vote now in comparison to a month ago
All these conflicts I will try to cover in the future especially Singapore vs Canada
I could of only dreamed to do that months ago. Btw now at 12.4K now which is now by far my best combo yet
Sure PewDiePie has a shorts channel but he’s never uploaded a short video on his main channel
IF YOU DONT WANT TO BE PINGED DONT FUCKING PING ME THEN
Maybe we will go with my sister to Japan maybe and that might really change my perception on Japan. Will see
WAIT WHAT???? The same country that dislikes Israel on the IdleVote? HOW DARE YOU
Guinea and Niger took a relatively hibernationist stance when it came to fighting the Red Wave since NIFA lost to the Red Wave. But Nigeria came back to power, NIFA immediately took action against the Red Wave
Well haven’t seen them in a couple weeks, PAP has disappeared
Anyway I’m gonna finally get some much needed REM time
SHUT THE FUCK UP BENYI PRATAM YOU WANT TO MAKE THINGS WORSE FOR THE CHAT VOTE BY MAKING A FIT ABOUT HOW SELFISH YOU ARE, I DONT CARE ABOUT YOUR BELIEFS, ALL I CARE ABOUT IS THAT I SEE PAP’S LONG GONE EMPIRE OFF THE TOP AND I WILL BE WILLING TO FURFILL YOUR SELFLESSNISS DESIRES
Well because you make fun of them, it’s a loop that cannot be broken unless you never did it in the first place
Stay tuned! Saturday, Botswana will be passing 1M Likes! \nNext Saturday, India will be passing 1M Likes!
Japan is on track to become the 208th country to pass 10G points
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 I’m sorry this had to happen but it’s an inevitable fact that GCAT is a corrupt community ran by corrupt people.
I think the reason why PAP’s votes aren’t going through are because they keep typing in the same number over and over but maybe Utonish temporarily disabled Singapore
If you can pull it off and make thousands that would really work with this
It still shows 60 seconds but I do get 1 vote per 30 seconds
Since Germany and Nigeria are growing very fast at the moment I will do the next edit every 500B points instead of every 100B since it’s a waste of time and will result in too many edits to make
How can someone like your group commit so many horrible things for years
@iu mãi VN-A615 and Danto are also gonna get ready for next year
Vietnam and Bangladesh are invading the textile industry
This is like my universal music, I play it for everything.
But yeah I’m done with this guy for now, I got better things to do then to roast some mangos
@Halau Please stop your rambling about the red wave because this is serious
# IM MISERABLE, IM MISERABLE, IM MISERABLE, IM MISERABLE
YES it would look good on next months projection lol
@Nova 2016 2018 Are you going to do it now or what?
@Karavase I know you are disliking Russia, can you please stop.
Also VNBall and Videomaker are getting close to you
And monthly Top 1 is 50 Top 2 is 25 Top 3 is 10 Top 4-10 is 5 Top 11-20 is 2
So you gotta get number 1 on the very first second of its release and maintain that the whole time
I will gladly support you to pass Nigeria when all my goals are complete
I know it sounds crazy but I’ve been on the idle vote for the past 6 hours
@Weather Alert Ping Administrator Applications for August is now open for all members! View it and fill it out in #👨‍💼◄𝖫𝖾𝖺𝖽𝖾𝗋𝗌𝗁𝗂𝗉◍𝖠𝗉𝗉𝗅𝗂𝖼𝖺𝗍𝗂𝗈𝗇►🧑‍💼 if you want to run in August. Form will be closing on August 1st, so be sure to fill it out soon!
But don’t create any faction related to those fucking Red wave folks
Oh yeah and South Korea reaches 200K lifetime points
No the problem is not the flag but rather the topic surrounding it
Ok none of my accounts are even on the list to begin with so hopefully Utonish didn't see them
Ok perfect @Nova 2016 2018 Now can we do elections?
Screw voting 20k votes in a day. I’m just happy I got it back
If you apologize for swearing I will tell you tomorrow
Because Nigeria is expected to get number 1 either way
@bilip blop Do you want me to show you how you can get your 100k combos back?
And pretty soon he will be able to prosecute people for cheating in different countries
Or you can switch to Azerbaijan and make them the best Caucasian nation. I bet people will like you after that! Supporting the best underrated countries out there is a good idea!
9/20 - NAFA is renamed to the Western African Counsel
I tried my best to make him make up to you guys but it has gone all loose from there
Once im done with all these operations ill talk about elections
Roubaix didn’t know about it yet but a secret force was coming to strike soon
Um what fricking universe are you from. It says February 2024...
Hah you always are ashamed of that. You should have never even bothered adding me back. If you hate me and others so much, do you should have never even bothered adding me back or even other people for that matter.
I’m not even surprised that 400k managed to go down the drain
Alright since it’s tied I will settle on the name Project Democracy 2025
Well im not gonna report it, but rather im gonna im gonna try to include it when I do my Vote Power List
But for the looks of things they probably said that to discourage people from thinking they are botting 24/7
Release all the energy which been building for years
Ok then\n# Welcome to Hell, you chose this route. So be it
No I have a different strategy that will only use one server
Brazil and Canada and China would be looking to also dethrone Singapore, Algeria, and Reunion later on
But I lost interest and quickly Singapore starting falling again
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Are you planning to run for elections again?
So you can enjoy beating me as much as you want. I’m only here to chill.
They may not like this idea either no matter what you do
But now the Red Wave exists and now I control the whole idle vote just to get rid of them which is not working
@Nova 2016 2018 Everyones best moments will go here]
They are officially the first member outside of Africa to join
That’s why I added a rule in #ℹ️◄𝖦𝖢𝖠𝖳◍𝖱𝗎𝗅𝖾𝗌►ℹ️ for people who write petitions/statements for running
Who knows what their intentions are with Antarctica
Yeah same lol. I can just start from scratch again and get 500M points again if they do strike.
If one more country turns Red out of nowhere, AIFA is gonna intervene
And with that I hope people will continue to cherish that forever for however long Utonish will exist
In simple words, I’m gonna return in January when Bosmium comes back
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Can you have a short talk with m4ngo please
But I have high bets for Brazil since there are a few active people voting Brazil. Or even Mexico in that matter too.
10/14 - Sierra Leone wins the majority and thus replaces Nigeria
Well I’m definitely not gonna stay up tonight since school is starting up again tomorrow
Indeed the countries below 100B will probably be at 100B too
You welcome, talk to your admins about that because I cannot do anything about that
This can help me get my hands on to a brand new set of accounts in case a new live stream were to begin which I’m really excited for!
Another way was doing it by percentage growth but good luck to me calculating all that
But don’t spend too much time staring at the live stream
@Tquik Can you please accept my damn friend request?
So a year prior to me beginning my botting campaign
Yep I just realized you come every 30 minutes and you scared the shit out of me
Because that’s what people are gonna do and it’s gonna ruin the combo further
And especially Bangladesh, they gained more than Israel
Just imagine how different the Idle Chat Vote would be without me
Unless you want to bot your way there, and therefore get suspended from the OFN, and everyone condemns you for it.
I hope Trump doesn't win the election because he'll destroy our country from the inside out
Anytime I try to joke with him he always gets angry
So TinyTask overall I would consider it a Stage 4 botting method if used properly
Like for example I added a Preliminary Powers status
Yeah so he managed to bring Georgia to Top 10 on the ChatVote awhile ago but I forgot who he was
I might turn out to be the good guy or become another Bayu and become controversial like the rest
I can't believe I have gotten it to work, although there will probably be errors in the upcoming days so be ware
RO: Well I’m pretty sure PAP was on Russia’s side, and PAP was actually a Chinese Mercenary that used to vote China
And then Bilip would come in 2025 when the Combo was released and completely decimate my record gaining around 800k votes which is more than what I managed to gain with Singapore on the Chat Vote
Clearly PAP is getting beaten by Korea and Spain, as you can see in the chat
I mean you can define Europe as everything within the Ural and Caucasian Mountains and before the Bosporus Strait
My allies probably have 7K combos which is why we’re able to push the red wave back so easily
Yup your right Florida Dweller. Btw yes BlueTed I am the one voting Vietnam and I have a 63.1K combo on the ComboVote. Nice to see you and hope you enjoy your stay here.
But im just being casual with it, im giving each country around 10k likes per week
I don’t want to manually copy and paste stuff from his document otherwise that will take hours to do
And maybe after so much time thinking about it, I will let Japan or Israel pass Nigeria to become the fastest growing on the idle vote
# The ChatVoteCombo is officially the 3rd ever Utonish project to reach 10M votes after the ChatVote a year ago
Here are the new meanings for each custom emojis\n# Favorite Countries Report\n🩸 = <0 Points\n💀 = -1000 Points\n☠️ = -2500 Points\n👹= -5000 Points\n⛑️ = Gaining Points(For negative point countries)\n\n# Growth Reports\n🧊 = 0 Votes, 0 Points\n❄️ = >100 Votes, >1M Points\n:growth: = +500 Votes. 5M Points, 12th on Attention List\n:growth2: = +750 Votes, 10M Points, 11th on Attention List\n:growth3: = +1000 Votes, 20M Points, 10th on Attention List\n🔥 = +1500 Votes, 30M Points, 9th on Attention List\n:fire2: = +2000 Votes, 40M Points, 8th on Attention List\n:fire3: = +2500 Votes, 50M Points, 7th on Attention List\n:fire4: = +3000 Votes, 60M Points, 6th on Attention List\n:fire5: = +4000 Votes, 75M Points, 5th on Attention List\n:fire6: = +5000 Votes, 100M Points, 4th on Attention List\n:fire7: = +6000 Votes, 250M Points, 3rd on Attention List\n:fire8: = +7500 Votes, 500M Points, 2nd on Attention List\n:fire9: = +10000 Votes, 1B Points, 1st on Attention List\n\n# Placements Changes in Reports\n:up1:(+1)  Position on Report\n:down:(-1) Position on Report\n:up2:(+3) or more Positions on Report\n:down2:(-3) or more Positions on Report
Old days on the ChatVoteCombo https://youtu.be/uoqYkEeGAow?si=65qSVWBQRA_G9qPm
And ever since you started voting the Falkland Islands more countries have started becoming faster
And you also made a sort of beta idle chat vote like a couple days before it actually came out
But you have to wear it forever until you stop voting Georgia for good
Anyways by the time that happens Nigeria would probably pass them a week later
Eventually I’ll vote more nations that are pretty relevant but haven’t been on the list up into the Top 20 to add more diversity
So nations growing below 10k per second I will get to you next
RO: But now we have to sign a bunch of peace treaties
BUT, That doesn’t mean I will forget about all the insults they have said to me
But Nigeria has recently achieved a growth faster than every section
However I will not do monthly reports because those take too much time to do.
I don’t feel mentally sick. I mean like physically I’m sick. It’s like someone gave me something on Friday and now I’m facing their consequences for it.
AE: Yeah basically although like I said, the previous 2027 timeline is not available anymore
Also I think that the speed up of decline has to do with the actual war in Israel between Hamas and people are defending Hamas by disliking Israel.
Singapore is expected to be the first non-idlevote country to pass 10T points which would make them the 12th highest on the idle vote if we were to add them
If you use a browser to stream then you should be able to do other things
Actually fun fact, the latinized Bengali script is the same as that, it’s just latinized
Not just me and @Karotten interests but also you guys
Nigeria might be 1 right now but if NIFA continues supporting Israel and Japan, they could pass Nigeria
ITS BEEN OFFICIALLY 24 HOURS SINCE THE BLESSING BEGAN
Singapore GAS GAS GAS https://youtube.com/shorts/E2S53hNHsac?si=GiRteCzNy_D8iRZH
Singapore is dying day by day. Now would the time to counter them!
If you continue like this playing tricks on my family and PoTenTiaL
Bro if Kha Nang Official didn’t get banned I would be on your trail right now with Philippines💀
And by then I imagine the red wave will try to come back, but fail because of Utonish banning people there now
An era which human cooperation and collaboration strives the world in a new direction of global unity, and prosperity as new technologies are developed to prevent another such catastrophe that will threaten humanity’s survival.
And for anyone that wants to know how to use the feature I will help anyone but again use it at your own risk
So AIFA’s goal is to prevent them from converting to whole country section red
Nah I don't think so because he joined the Utonish community in like mid 2023
Türkiye and Brazil have been going against American Social Medias for some reason specifically X
Infact they are so slow that we can easy out pace them.
You know @Shut Up Maypi If you just do it right, @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Wouldn't have to be in this predicament.
Because if he goes for a long time this is a threat to not only Türkiye but also the Philippines
Yeah I was going to do it, but it would be too short
Be honest with me bro, you used multiple tabs didn’t you?
But this faction we call the Red Wave had to ruin everything
Technically a member but doesn’t fit the Top 20 criteria
*In the end though Canada remained resilliant and has outpased China*
ITS BEEN PAST 24 HOURS AND I STILL HAVE MY VIETNAMESE COMBO??
As for me I don’t really care much about the IdleChatVote, I’m just trying to maintain as little pressure as possible and not push myself outside of my limits.
Nigeria has now finally become the fastest growing nation on the idle vote
Right now without the exploit his combo should of been at around 150K
Weekly Chat Vote Country Recap | Streaks Recap Week 4 https://youtube.com/shorts/3rGDlM-mlAw?si=aFoCF7VsShF9LBGj
It was all fun and games until Barbados dropped out of the Top 60 and Israel losing 75% of their points
That’s actually good that the rest of the Top 10 is actually fair lol
If I say something other than US, it will reset my combo
https://tenor.com/view/black-goku-goku-black-dragon-ball-dragon-ball-legends-dragon-ball-z-gif-2558235056987226440
Anyway despite all of that, I’m happy we’re no longer in that situation anymore
Also remember that random Indonesian tiktoker that was number 1 due to the same reason
Nope he’s already as tired as he is so he would lose immediately
So that proves Utonish doesn’t do it manually but rather a bot takes care of it
PAP: Ohhhhh yeah because they are technically allies with NIFA. But it’s ok once we have made enough stuff in our factories, we will trade that to NIFA making them reliant on us thus fueling our economy.
Please, I know you hate India, but I know deep down inside that you wouldn’t do something like that in front of AIFA
France passed Russia again… and Vietnam has passed Russia again in dislikes
For the same reasons you ask me before, “Why do you like Nigeria so much?”
Maybe the unknown nation for #5 could either be Brazil, Croatia, Philippines(Even though they are already doing well), Czechia, Malaysia(again maybe), Greece, or Germany
Just imagine they are below Vietnam in this case not Ireland
Bây giờ là thời điểm tuyệt vời để thể hiện điều đó.
Because everything would of been good if you didn’t do that shit
I mean my definition of Bayuification is that Bayu has become a guy who doesn’t like other people voting other countries because he’s worried that they’ll overtake them. Eventually though someone rivals them, then eventually passes them. Once they become dominant then they become like Bayu who doesn’t like people voting other countries
Mark your calendars:\n# Türkiye(Combo) passes Indonesia(Chat Vote) in votes approximately September 1st\n\n# Philippines(Combo) passes Indonesia(Chat Vote) in votes approximately January 2nd, 2026
I don’t even know if the idle vote will even be around when that happens
Instead of calling it “icv,cvc,and cv” just call it the “Utonish-universe”
Well as I said, whatever happens, I hope it doesn't get worse and hopefully Cambodia changes its ways
It’s just a concept so we can always improve upon it
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=oJfD461wTC0&si=5arhsmFFhLdvF3bz
Lmao if I were 200 pounds I would be seriously dying to do that Hudson Bay Workout rather than that offer
“I forgot his name but he was pretty influential within those countries”
I consider this endgame. No one will beat them ever and I mean EVER. Even in 5 years from now no one will beat them
And SARC hates the fact that Asia is dominated by a Powerful organization
Honduras isn’t too different, it’s just a lighter color, and for Afghanistan it’s that white flag
But ill still have enough time to do homework after
RO: I DON’T KNOW BUT WE SO SOME HOW TRAVELED BACK TO THE PRESENT
Yes like how can you possibly bot or alt on this thing
2022-2024 was my prime time in Track & Field aka Athletics
!addcom test $(user) has voted the საქართველო(Georgia)⛰️🍷! Georgia has $(count) votes. https://i.ibb.co/YkYyj4m/11-F28696-3059-49-B1-AF59-62-E001-B7-C40-F-1.jpg.
*So tried that even their consciousness seemed like dreams*
Because the vote gains went down from 147k down to 80k
Could that potentially be something that we don’t know about?
With my new technique I should be able to push a bit more
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Idk what I have been thinking of lately, but my mind has been all of sudden filled with  thoughts about your country. Not the government but the people. I just wonder how they feel about all of this. Having to go through unnecessary political drama when its all just about living normal life, not about the war.
But if I had a reason why he would do it, I guess he wanted other countries to have their respective growth rank
Also if you guys are wondering what happened to my operation on the Philippines, I’ve been getting a ton of errors with transferring and I’m trying to find a breakthrough that I can use to go around that. Lucky you @bilip blop since you haven’t experienced the error yet
He just pretended to be like PAP because I he didn’t know who was PAP
You have mod powers, do something rather than dwelling on making your alliance great when it isn’t gonna work. You just don’t have a life like I do.
Ikr THEY SHOULD BE MAKING THEIR ICE CONTINENT GREAT AND INSTEAD THEY ARE DISLIKING VIETNAM
Well obviously I’m the undisputed first combo so no one should have a bigger combo than me unless I all of a sudden stop voting for whatever reason
Only time will tell before the idle vote reaches the integer limit
They promoted good ideals to the outside but in the inside it was truly horrible
I can't believe it, Ive actually finished the data part
Listen the last thing I want to say is that we may never meet again, I just want you to remember that I will always be there with you in those moments. Goodbye friend
Once I get my servers back up and running I will take recap again and counter all of the gained dislikes since my last recap
Because Romania will be 3rd and Nigeria will be 4th or the other way around
Bruh I thought Australia would at least be 2nd due to your recent trip
I’m sorry if I took last time way too seriously and crashed out. We should at least just try to keep Germany first until the weekend ends
Give me the best evidence out there that you are not PAP
And even if Utonish does reset the US, will just come back even stronger
Because I will always rule until you get your shit together with Georgia
My ultimate goal was to make GCAT better but at what cost?
Ok I think voting has become much easier for me now
Lmao this is clearly 8k 120 FPS, the BEST QUALITY POSSIBLE
If you do that for multiple countries per day youll make big progress
You know what I don’t hate you @bilip blop for finding out about the exploit. I don’t mind helping you and @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 out and we can do the same to each other
Algeria is growing fast again! Although they are still 3rd in terms of votes this week behind Indonesia they might overtake them in the next few days if fast growth continues!
And it kick started a new movement to go back to the primitive era of voting
Like for example to automatically send a message at a certain interval then that’s not botting
Ok phew I dodged whatever that was. I must go to bed now.
Yeah so as America, we should leave them tf alone and let them go through whatever they are going through instead of interfering
So its been pretty effective of preventing bots from voting
But the point is that Bilip and Chispa need to be put in their place and Utonish needs to patch this transfer channel exploit
Oh boy Nigeria vs Botswana 2.0, but this time within NIFA on who will have the fastest growth rate in the alliance
@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper@Caucasian Mapper
No I’m gonna quit in 2027 once my redemption arc is finished
Anyways today I forgot to update the visualizations so ima update them now
Just a couple setbacks on my end won’t do anything to stop me
Fucking right, let me do that to mine so Utonish doesn't affect my operation
Oh great PAP is back, I was planning to come back today but I guess not
Well believe or not, America in Vietnamese is nước Mỳ
He went from joking around to threatening GCAT to now wanting to self-harm is insane
RO: Wha- how are there 21 people on the idle vote rn???
And I might adapt it into making ComboVote reports in the future
I said only Namibia and South Africa but I included Lesotho and Eswatini anyway
That’s why I moved to the idle vote since literally nobody was on it and it was quiet
RO: Dang that sucks, I missed how peaceful Atlantis was
In fact I will not say who I am voting because they will immediately dislike whoever I vote
And once I reach my final goals in this community, I will leave peacefully in 2027 for good.
https://tenor.com/view/skeleton-geometry-dash-skeletal-shenanigans-skeletal-shenanigans-gif-3088646063111746606
:ofn: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro:
WARNING: DO NOT DO IT THE OPPOSITE WAY OR ELSE YOU WILL LOSE YOUR COMBO
The United States is now rising at a rapid pace! They gained over 8k likes this week.
Weekly Idle Vote Country Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/uirBqrilN3A?si=78wMrSYYNNJAyV-h
Btw we should create a channel for Transit since I didn’t expect yall to be fascinated with it
6/27 - Cameroon later joins NAFA as a neighboring member of Nigeria
I still can’t believe I managed to literally change the entire course of Idle vote history.
Because in the end it’s about making something work right?
The Equilibrium part will probably take a whole decade to achieve
2/25 - Overwhelming 90% of people wish to gain independence from the new NIFA union
So in your point of view this might not be cheating since it’s a YouTube feature
Because all you do is name the counter whatever code your trying to vote
No more Potential, because that potential will not come if not used correctly
Top 5 Countries with the best weekly record\n1. Singapore - 51,517(2024-05-04)\n2. Israel - 37,247(2024-08-24)\n3. **Nigeria - 36,558(This week)**\n4. United States - 26,827(2023-07-15)\n5. India - 26,734(2023-06-17)
Since Madagascar is Southern Africa Réunion too would be
# RISING POWERS (>1%)\n14. 🇮🇱 *Israel* \n🗳️***61,066*** **`1.270%`**\n:growth2:*+ 592*`+ 0.003%`\n15. 🇳🇬 *Nigeria* \n🗳️***59,400*** **`1.236%`**\n:growth3:*+ 889*`+ 0.009%`\n16. 🇦🇷 *Argentina* \n🗳️***57,909*** **`1.205%`**\n:growth2:*+ 632*`+ 0.004%`\n17. 🇰🇿 *Kazakhstan* \n🗳️***55,915*** **`1.163%`**\n:growth:*+ 335*`- 0.002%`\n18. :up:(+1)🇰🇷 *South Korea* \n🗳️***54,942*** **`1.143%`**\n:fire3:*+ 2,420*🥉`+ 0.042%`🥈\n19. :down:(-1)🇭🇰 *Hong Kong* \n🗳️***53,415*** **`1.111%`**\n🧊*+ 90*`- 0.006%`\n20. 🇵🇱 *Poland* \n🗳️***50,009*** **`1.040%`**\n🧊*+ 2*`- 0.008%`\n21. :up:(+1)🇵🇰 *Pakistan* \n🗳️***48,536*** **`1.010%`**\n🔥*+ 1,483*`+ 0.024%`\n\n# PRETENDERS TO BE THE POWER (TOP 5)\n22. :down:(-1)🇬🇺 *Guam* \n🗳️***47,253*** **`0.983%`**\n🧊*+ 7*`- 0.007%`\n23. 🇧🇾 *Belarus* \n🗳️***46,876*** **`0.975%`**\n🧊*+ 11*`- 0.007%`\n24. 🇺🇦 *Ukraine* \n🗳️***45,555*** **`0.948%`**\n🧊*+ 95*`- 0.005%`\n25. 🇾🇪 *Yemen* \n🗳️***45,320*** **`0.943%`**\n🧊*+ 3*`- 0.007%`\n26. 🇷🇸 *Serbia* \n🗳️***40,930*** **`0.851%`**\n🧊*+ 99*`- 0.004%`\n-# End of Page 5
I DONT CARE IF YOU START A MOVEMENT AGAINST ME BECAUSE YOU ARE NOT GOING TO WIN AGAINST ME
Hey M4NGO when do you think this server will be dead?
Oh dang isn’t most of the population in Singapore Chinese?? Damn those god damn Chinese again lol
Well if you say so, why make such a fuss over it. You just said you hate them because of how they look
If you join back the server I will give you an extra day off!
And if Remi is there too, I’ll be able to get Nigeria to a 1k-2k growth a day
Ok fine I won’t vote on the country section. I help you with AU and that’s it. I’m once again sorry.
It’s just fucking great, no more hateful comments, no more shit
NIFA ALERT: There has been a sudden reduction of Red Wave activity across the Idle Vote as a huge influx of Green Wave support floods the whole section. This is actually good news as Sri Lanka’s dislike growth rate has decreased along with Russia.
And they somehow can maintain their combo while using VPN
Yeah I didn’t even know Beaches exist in Georgia so hey I learned something
Spain is the most likely candidate to become the next dominant nation
ITS THE GUY THAT VOTES ANTARCTICA ON THE CHATVOTECOMBO
Idc if Nigeria isn’t first anymore, all I care about is the ChatVoteCombo is fair now
Just punch that W as hard as you can until it works, it worked for me
I’m half Vietnamese because of my mom, but I’m quarter Nicaraguan, and quarter Irish because of my dad which is why my name is Latino/White origin
And then came back after losing against Canada as China
Without you guys, we just forget about you know, and I can get that being not true for you though
Well so far you’re the only one who’s mad. Just be patient for once
This is also what I use to make my favorite countries report as well
Despite Botswana being first and Nigeria plus NIFA growing fast, Africa is expected to continue trailing behind Asia
Yeah idc either because @karavase Is voting them now
Ok I think **The Unknowns** are back at it again. They are disliking Russia and Israel quite a bit but they aren’t disliking to the scale of last week. I have confirmed that Karavase is indeed not disliking Russia so it’s now confirmed to be an Unknowns attack. I’m definitely prepared to see Vietnam lose all its points soon.
Well technically we have beaten PAP because we are better
12/5 Vladimir Putin live on TV threatens Nigeria and the West if they continue advancing into the NAC they will use Nuclear weapons
Morocco, Algeria, Mali and Niger make up the North African Counsel as said previously. Kenya, Tanzania, both Congos, Cameroon and Nigeria make up the Central African Counsel.
But good luck convincing him because like I said, he’s a retired fella
Weekly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/m1Lba24E-DQ?si=dnGEqLfzY5RWI72-
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTE RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/2FHFhl47j_U?si=AQrHZpCqYvtkvWio
All you do is transfer your channel to another channel every 800 votes and you will vote a huge ton of votes and points
It’s like no one can respect what I do for once. Right? @Caucasian
Bruh the fucking Roblox character making a T-Pose when they got kicked out of the car is crazy💀
But I think the maximum per day is like 20-30k if you really wanted to do it all day
https://tenor.com/view/jim-and-pam-yes-gif-21499107
Ok please don’t ping me for an unnecessary reason again…
IF YOU ARE DONE WITH ME IM DONE WITH YOU MOTHERFUCKER
# My Favorite Countries Lists has been updated!\n#deleted-channel #deleted-channel #deleted-channel #deleted-channel #deleted-channel #deleted-channel
Over the span of two days, NIFA has began bringing nations close to the bottom to 10k likes. Along with that nations in the Top 70-80.
SELFISH GOALS? WHAT SELFISHNESS OF A PERSON ARE YOU? WHAT TYPE OF MUSLIM PERSON ARE YOU,, ARE YOU EVEN MUSLIM? IF YOU WERE YOU WOULD BE BRINGING GOOD TO YOUR COUNTRY RATHER THEN CREATING A WHOLE MOVEMENT OUT OF THE ASHES OF A DEAD AND LONG GONE EMPIRE ON A DEAD LIVE STREAM. STOP FUCKING VOTING SINGAPORE AND ACTUALLY DO GOOD FOR YOUR FAITH, YOUR COUNTRY, HUMANITY
Hey guys should I learn this piece on Clarinet?? (This is probably the equivalent of beating an extreme demon on Geometry Dash but with music. AND THE FACT that I’m jumping from Waltz No 2(A Grade 2 or 3 Level Piece) to Für Elise(A Grade 4 or 5 Level Piece))
Ok even though it’s estimated, I have gained around 1.3M-1.4M so far this year which yes 70% of that is botted.
For the rest of this year, Botswana and South Georgia islands
ARE YOU THE ONE WHO LIED TO US SAYING YOU WOULD SUPPORT US
None of my operations for the rest of my career here won’t include it
Remember you have to beat Germany’s record in an hour
Because the way I have been doing it is soooooo time consuming
Like they literally turned Spinach into freaking Curry...
It’s not mine but I’m in the process of making mine
Tanzania who is ahead is currently growing at a rate of 54,621 points per second
But Nigeria has a faster growth than the CPAD combined
Btw the Pink nation in Scandinavia is the Nordic Union
https://tenor.com/view/summer-break-gif-6269967204638541467
Or less depending on whether or not Nigeria gains more
Because if he was the one behind the attacks on his own country that’s just fucking ridiculous
I’m quoting this from 8/6/2023, I might of predicted the future
Oh boy just don’t know how much more appreciative I’m am with you
3K Votes! And also 1K votes ahead of Russia now… time flies
Believe me, me and you are both very similar, we love going through our selfishness
If yall want the dark ages to come back, then welcome to the dark ages **2.0**
But I hope America and Europe can solve their differences despite Trump and all that, and rebuild relations. Because eventually America is gonna become this nation where all we’re doing is being patriotic about ourselves but our own country is crippling beneath our feet, and this is the direction our country is heading in, and there’s no stopping to that.
Well technically it is possible. But Combo for the most part is completely impossible.
Speaking of which, Alabama just gained 60 more dislikes
And Japan is slowly dying but somehow has a chance to recover
I just want the weekend to come so that way I can get my 12 hours in and not have to worry about sleep again…
Just be fair and we won’t have to discuss this any further
Fuck you then Eddie. You can continue to rot and waste your time on a pointless project and continue to make Utonish richer.
RO: Although that’s probably because of social media
That’s not a justifiable reason to ban him. If he votes for over 12 hours without stopping that’s justifiable
I just realized that the highest language on the language section is Chinese and the fastest growing section besides the country section is the Chinese Provincial Administrative Divisions section. And that’s not it, the fastest undeclining nation during the Red Wave besides Japan was China. Like is this a coincidence!
Whoops we accidentally created the number one best movie of all time
I’ll be releasing the video in about an hour or two
He was here just a second ago… that guy who loves that country…
But I will continue to be a fork in their operations
@Utonish, i ask seriously to ban @Bayu  in discord forever now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you keep complaining I’ll accept you when Georgia reaches 1M likes
If we cannot find his alt then It’s my theory that he’s someone else
Who want nothing to do with politics but yet have to endure it because of a corrupt politician
But isn’t it great to see a movement to topple Singapore
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I want you to take over from here because I’m starting to lose it
Get Singapore to 10T points and ill be convinced your a force to reckon with
Nah I think AIFA is already too dominant on the idle vote
Yup I cannot believe how much things have changed since then
# ce83 whoever tf you are, can you please stop disliking every other item and just like Antarctica. I don’t want to dislike you because if you continue to dislike Vietnam and everything else for that matter, I will begin to dislike Antarctica which is something that I have never done before to anyone.
Literally like hours later: Neo-American Empire collapses
With this gamebreaking thing, I may be able to do my favorite countries everyday
Also the US at this rate if it continues to grow slowly they will fall below the Top 20 again in the future as other nations continue to grow faster!
Monthly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/FJxfL23MyYI?si=sWrWxL_w3XzRtO7v
Cuz both have been really been dragging on my mind lately
Also @Caucasian Mapper stop trying to ping everyone cuz it ain’t gonna work
Because he thinks he’s all flesh and soul against me
This group wants to capitalize on the success of what we have achieved and bring destruction to the idle vote
@Utonish In short, can you please patch the YouTube channel transferring exploit which allows people to transfer YouTube channels to other Google brand accounts which are basically the ones in charge of holding YouTube channels, so that way people like Chispa and Bilip don’t have an insane advantage over everyone else and that Combos will now be Google Brand account based rather then YouTube channel based.
@GCAT Citizen and @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 All I want to say is that I was a complete jerk yesterday and that you’re not responsible for saying the wrong things. I completely understand you want to be a person that is free from arguments and I completely agree with that. So all I want to say is that you don’t to worry about changing anything because you are already a great person to work with and you are always there whenever I felt upset and you always made me comfortable whenever I was not comfortable. So please Daniel, you don’t need to do anything about TW if you don’t want to because like I said, I have it under control and you won’t have to worry about it. And for anyone that I mistreated yesterday because of the same reason, I formally apologize to pretty much everyone here for all that shit yesterday with TW and Benyi. I promise you all that this will be under control and with Nova introducing new rules, that none of yall need to worry about it.
Well you will take control for now but yes even though I have left, I will be still running.
Ok well we talked about this in the server so, just commit to changing but you can also enjoy the games you like, just don’t take it personally
Ok well I’m going to do whatever I was going to do and hand this back to PoTenTiaL
Weekly Idle Vote Recap! (Also Russia won’t be on this recap until next week) https://youtube.com/shorts/2_Owo324PGE?si=JupwqHkzssrPfhVl
It may not be perfect but I hope to see the best of the chat vote after this moment
Also I have heard about the recently created "Confederation of the Alliance of Sahel States" which is a confederation between Niger, Mali and Burkina Faso. Unfortunately it is not an official country, rather a alliance like the East African Community or European Union. So I will be keeping them separate.
Well in case you all are wondering what organization I run now, it’s the Philippians 4:13 movement or PH413 which I guess you can consider to be PAP but against bot use
Now we are left with 3 very fast declining nations. Russia, North Korea, and Israel
Bruh my computer ran out of space, so I couldn’t finish my videos💀
The Philippines will probably most likely fall of out the Top 10 because of this update
PoTenTiaL: Wait you remember what we did last time?
Lmao Caucasian be thinking the same thing after I continuously ping him to do his recap
And even if I reached my goals, I still had to go through tons of effort to get more
Utonish copyright: I just making a new copyright system that blocks every copy of my live streams and content
Also yes this song is my favorite too https://youtu.be/YykjpeuMNEk?si=-2YyDinGyVRJQsGW
This ideology is similar to that of NAFA's original ideology when trying to rival Botswana
I will be doing this mostly by the popular countries on the Combo side of stuff however since the chat vote is quite active I will include some of that action as well
It was previously an alliance that Me Denis, Caucasian and a bunch of others made but we merged with Karottens alliance to make the OFN
*Within the spand of a week, Reunion was already under threat*
Because Vietnamese is lazy in making their own translations for countries
I want to take them down but I can't rn because Im updating the Discord Vote
But even with that its just not enough lol, we overpower them by like 3 times
I have technically made it into an autotyper with a counter
HEY EVERYONE, THE NEW ORDER IS TEMPORARILY DISBANDED AND WILL BE REFORMED TOMMORROW! YAY HAVE FUN TODAY!
This doesn’t have to be done in a time frame. We can take our time.
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Sorry for being an asshole again.
RO: The worser social media gets the worser English gets
I mean he’ll probably set up a bot that rebirths every country
Here are our main villains:\nChatVote: Indonesia\nIdle Vote: The Dislikers and bots or Botswana\nIdleChatVote: Türkiye!
And the botting didn’t really begin until December 2023
Fun fact: I haven’t used a VPN at all to cheat! Only to make sure I don’t lose my combo
4/2 - Another Earthquake hits near Lagos which is super close to the 20-30M people who live there
But I don't support what Israel is doing in Syria simply because the group in charge of Syria may of used to been affiliated with terrorists, but now they have changed to become more liberal and in to freedom ideals and I do see a future in Syria if they can sort out the conflict with the SDF and Israel
Ive already stated that I will not allow anyone to change peoples nicknames awhile ago
2022 and 2023 be like:\n250. `#38`🇷🇺*Russia*\n💔**-212,804** ☠️`- 10,156`
Nigeria will avenge Reunion and Algeria to be the dominant African Nation
PoTenTiaL: On rare occasions do countries pass the USA
Although like you said it only applies to those voting on a daily basis
If it ends up happening though then Utonish will have to take care of them since they are the ones cheating
@☸ ࿗ Saat Sitare ࿗ ☸ The person that is targeting India has around a 22-24K combo
Btw I just realized that they shouldn’t even be voting right now because it’s currently 3:29 AM in Singapore, so that proves right there that they are using a bot 24/7
Actually I tried that too, it actually did work for a couple votes but then after awhile it stopped working too
But as I said, trying to escape it will make it worse
Interesting, since you are of Ukrainian Descent, I thought you would be Orthodox
As we speak if the gap between Singapore and Indonesia was a country it then the points of that country would be now less than Tuvalu! The gap between Indonesia and Singapore is now only 132,541,677,667 vs Tuvalu’s 132,608,040,267.
In March of 2025 we could see this new mysterious country being voted a ton to the point where it can possibly pass many AIFA members.
Hsinotu and Kha Nang ultimately die in prison and history will be left in a simple discord message sent in the #idlevote that ultimately began this saga
# My Favorite Countries Major Update\n\nSo starting this Friday, I will be completely revamping the entire point growth system and here is how I will do it.\n\n1. So as y’all know, I report my favorite countries based off of Lifetime Points, i.e all Points from every week I’ve reported combined since I started this in 2015, \n\n2. Ever since the growth boost of 2025, my list has pretty much changed a lot since then with countries like South Korea whom previously had only 8k points now have over 100k lifetime points from growth boost which is insane for one straight year of reporting. So this brings me to\n\n3. I want to separate the Lifetime Leaderboard and Weekly Leaderboard rankings again so that way I have better accuracy in rating countries so that way countries like South Korea or Nigeria don’t experience to much rapid growth over a short amount of time and also countries like the US which I’ve for pretty much all my life lived here for doesn’t fall short of points. So I’ll make an example shortly of what I want to do.
And even with that, trying to get into the Top 100, is gonna be tough. Good luck @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
Basically Falkland Islands is like the Nigeria of South America and South Georgia Islands is like the Niger
I don’t hate TW anymore but she should of at least acknowledged us better
Whatever you say Denis, this server is dead and posting memes here isn’t gonna do anything good to this server anyway.
Yup so you both will be doing all of the development and I will help design
Well I’m happy to see you guys enjoy it apparently lol. Go as crazy as you want.
People will remember you as the best Georgian voter out there
That’s all you’re gonna say? Do you have anything better to say like, “I’m sorry for you PoTenTiaL.” If you were a true friend, you would understand how I feel right now, and instead you just care about yourself and your CEC shit. I’m in for that anymore.
I of course want to work with you on that mapping series we were talking about
I need to study how much they grow in dislikes per day before I attack
No more PAP, no more Boston, no more botting. I’m glad I stopped when I did
NIFA will be able to take them down in less than a day
Sorry mate but I love Moldova and Hungary more, I hope you understand❤️
MY NAME IS PoTenTiaL NOT ROUBAIX, I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT YOUR SAYING BUT MY NAME IS PoTenTiaL
I banned him since he’s breaking the rules, if he comes back I will ban him over and over again
The only nation besides Singapore ahead of Indonesia on the recaps
But this is over the span of about 2-3 years. So NIFA will be holding elections twice a year, every May and December
This is the most dislikes I’ve seen gained since the red wave attacks in January
I will switch up my voting strategy with the Philippines tomorrow
I think Thailand and Cambodia agreed to peace talks but still
I don’t even know if PAP is even a person or just an AI
Nobody can do it legitimately unless the chat vote is reset
By the end of this month, Nigeria should have around 1,308,000,000,000 Points!
Holy 300M points pushback we are making great progress guys
I will be creating a Bridges Soundtrack Playlist like I did with the previous Aftermath ages and I will be sharing it shortly!
Then I created NAFA which originally was to support African nations on the idle vote
Algeria and Türkiye we’re actually friendly due to sharing the same religion although Singapore would catch up to Algeria and Türkiye was speeding up
Uh huh so it still happens even if you don’t do that much
Do I think AU will reach 10K by the end of today? 100% not
Remember @Denis I gave you the opportunity to become great but you decided to become selfish and lose your relevance
OH YEAH and before you guys ask about my supportive combos, I will still occasionally support those countries everyday!
Yup pretty much and you can do the same. Just don’t VPN or Utonish will judge that
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=YPmxBTPyWBI&si=egWY_9mqmOgo47DK Time to rise up. Tomorrow is indeed the day
I just had the best day in my entire life and you want me to ruin it for some dumb operation
Because after all we are trying to make an API that the users can interact with
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 @Caucasian Mapper @DTM and to whoever I encountered yesterday. I’m deeply sorry for the way I acted yesterday. I know you guys won’t forgive me for what happened yesterday, but let’s just say I was an extremely bad person that day. All because of a stupid number game?? What have I become?? For anything bad that I said to you guys, I have no intention of doing anything out of the ordinary especially to you Daniel. I just cannot stand the fact that I once again bashed you over what? Daniel, you are the greatest honest down to the earth friend. No matter all the times I’ve been like that, you always made me feel better and you always helped me improve, motivated me, and helped me become a better person. What I did yesterday was not the thing that I want you to depict me as. I’m so sorry for all the bad comments I made on you. As for Caucasian, I remembered that I helped you with setting up something for the live streams but it ended up backfiring and caused my insanity. So Caucasian I’m just so heartbroken that you had to go through that with me as well and I’m deeply sorry to you as well. I tried to support you but I ended up failing. But I hope we can still work together. And finally DTM. Well you’re the funny one. You took my anger with a grain of salt and made a joke out of it lol. But it didn’t come without the consequence of losing your friendship. Sorry to all of the genuinely bad stuff I said to you as well because tbh, you didn’t even need to go through it but I just had to make it worse. I hope you forgive me DTM and I’ll try my best to not drag you into situations like that ever again.
Additionally I will add medals to my list this week which is one thing you do that I don’t
But it doesn't matter because they also grew this month too
I wonder where’s the “I SERISRLY WBAT TK BAN S1 WHO VOTE GR IN CHKT VSLE” comments
I will unfortunately be able to only get to 400 today because of the reset but it’s fine
I know eventually I will find it, but for now, I will end it
They eventually reached the Top 60 again where I would vote them one more time in early 2023
I clearly said I live in San Francisco as you can tell by my Instagram posts
I don’t want to see any Singaporean Propaganda at all
Yeah in San Francisco, the same thing is happening here
PAP STOLE THE TITLE FROM US, BUT ONE YEAR LATER WE COME BACK STRONGER AND WE GOT OUR REVENGE
Once they get into the Top 60 most voted I will be able to track them
Maybe one day Caucasian, but by then Utonish vvill probably be dead
You’re the dude who got Botswana first on the idle vote right?
GREAT NEWS! For the recaps this weekend, I will be using the new Hourly data Utonish is releasing!
War is something that can't be solved because we will always find a reason to argue of something.
But then there are gonna be some other random shit like "The" "Or" "Tree", etc
And Algeria was 5th due to being tied with a bunch of other countries
Well that’s because he doesn’t like botting like everyone else
I believe that, Utonish has access to everyone’s IP addresses that YouTube gives out when someone chats on a live stream
But hey you taught @Caucasian Mapper a lesson didn't you lol
You’d think it would be something like PoTenTiaL but Team RECOVERY☠️
And yes starting Tomorrow I will help out Georgia as I stated in a previous message yesterday
Additionally I can also transfer the GCAT Global combo again as well
You had the intention to mess with me again. Don’t do that again.
NIFA Alert: This is the beginning of the Vote Renaissance!
And I hope to maybe pass my main combo that got banned by YT which stood at 160K
I FUCKING HATE SINGAPORE WITH ALL MY FLESH AND SOUL, AND IF ANYONE DARES TO TROLL ME WITH ANY ACCOUNTS NAMED SINGAPORE, I WILL IMMEDIATELY BLOCK YOU AND DISCARD YOU FOR GOOD
Which is fixing what AIFA has created on the idle vote on the past year
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 YOU BETTER FUCKING DO SOMETHING NOW
@Nova 2016 2018 I’m sorry for all the chaos lately. Since Caucasian is gone, can I temporarily be mod until he comes back or we have elections again
So AIFA really is the most hated alliance in the Idle Vote?
Indonesia was so close but yet so far... they will hit it next week for sure
No I was only supposed to gain 16.5k growth today, so once I reach 33k its over
RO: I didn’t not even notice that the Logo for Utonish is glitched out
It’s about time we see the Rise of the Chat Vote once again
Yeah I noticed that they have completely stopped voting on the idle chat vote
Most Gained Ranks last Month\n1. Haiti, Tunisia, and British Virgin Islands: 17(Gold Medal)\n2. Antigua and Barbuda, and Aruba: 16(Silver Medal)\n3. Malta: 15(Bronze Medal)
The only thing that can stop me is the FBI when my electricity bill skyrockets to unbelievable highs
The question I’m wondering is how does it set it up
Be practical about this and run a poll instead of relying on whoever you trust the most
Because Karotten won a challenge and I promised 10k votes for Germany
@Utonish I notice the growth is inaccurate again, some countries are gaining double than what they should be gaining despite having half the votes to fit that growth
I want to close the gap with Singapore don’t you fucking understand how selfish Singapore is
Brace yourselves for a new chapter on the Idle Vote, the fianl chapter if you will.
@GCAT Citizen Ok I will now reveal what’s happening on the Combo. So as some of y’all can see on the Combo there has been a ton of growth for the Philippines and Türkiye and here’s why. So me and @bilip blop have been using the channel transfer exploit to break the shadowban and gain huge points and votes, and in case your wondering what that is, scroll up where I explained up above. Good luck voting everyone.
Actually all you have to do is overlay them on the stream and then the votes and points will just be how it is
First Singapore, then Nigeria, then Philippines, and now here we are with Vietnam.
The last time I had it though was about a month ago
@Utonish More channels have made it into the Top 50, for example Double Date, J House jr., Dangal TV Channel, Cool Items Official, and El Payaso Plim Plim. Please update the Channel Views Count Live Stream
Alright this week Singapore ends with 92,873 Votes as of 12 AM in Japan.
Benyi will leak your address from what PoTenTiaL has told me
At that point I would be making them so fast that I would be playing music
Like I imagine after the event happened, Nigeria would probably be voting still with 1-2 combos which would not compare to Türkiye’s 7 combos or Russia’s 5 combos
You just send me the data and I will make the visual report
Ok? This is about Christianity, not Benyi. I don’t get why you think it’s reasonable to argue with Benyi here, because this is meant to be for religion only, NOT PROKING BENYI, if it happens one more time, I will time out both of you. Just trying to enforce the rules.
About a year and a half ago, Sierra Leone lost against Seychelles in battle. But now Sierra Leone has been rebranded as a NIFA member and thus is once again at war with Seychelles.
Although I will try to make better Utonish inspired logos
So I suggest you back off of arguing with me and actually work harder and study harder cuz you ain’t gonna succeed if you continue like this
All I’m saying, is my time here in Utonish is limited
Worst summer, worst summer, worst summer, Worst summer, worst summer, worst summer, Worst summer, worst summer, worst summer, Worst summer, worst summer, worst summer, Worst summer, worst summer, worst summer, Worst summer, worst summer, worst summer, Worst summer, worst summer, worst summer, Worst summer, worst summer, worst summer,
If you didn’t then we believe you. Somehow you were blamed for no reason and caused all of this.
Operation Ascension to Heaven has only gotten started
Curaçao has been passed pushing Japan all the way to 193
Wtf I never knew Croatia was a Neo-Fascist country https://youtu.be/DXGH4FEAIOM?si=idPDLRJRb3xbvsaL
Well it’s matters a lot to me because it matters a lot to you
PoTenTiaL: It’s been so long since Andorra was prominent that I literally forgot the original voter of Andorra
Don’t rush him. Let him work on it, otherwise he’s just gonna scrap it all and not release anything. Let the guy cook.
Under the condition that I remain with the duties I have
Which is why countries like Algeria, China, Brazil, Canada, and even Falkland Islands have such high vote counts within the span of 2-3 months
Again @Karavase it’s only an example, so don’t take it personally lol
But I promise I will help you out after I help out Vietnam
And the fog makes it look surreal. Without any context you might think this is straight out of the Backrooms.
Oh yeah and if we ever make it into a live stream of sorts, we can make it so when you chat you can select a pixel 1-however many we want the canvas. For example if someone chats “Blue1,1” then that will color in the first pixel blue on the canvas and automatically give the user a point
It was the greatest thing that was achieved at that point in idle vote history but something greater is about to achieved this year.
2025- Your country will officially ratio Singapore to becoming number 1 in votes
All that Remi went through just to get put off to the side by PAP
Hello guys I will be automatically saving a screenshot of the ComboVote each hour on the Wayback Machine so you guys can see the history of it!
But when it comes down to what we have to achieve we gotta make sure we all share the same goal, not goals against each other
The Singaporeans have finally managed to close their gap with Türkiye to only 2k votes
I kinda see the Vietnam as like YouTube and they passed PewDiePie for like a short amount of time back in like 2013
Commonwealth of European Countries is basically synonymous with the European branch of the Organization of Free Nations, so yes Europe is all CEC in this universe
Theres an option on the Top Right that you can turn on and it will be set to real time
I don’t need to because it will appear with a different handle on the leaderboard
Poor Sierra Leone, he just wanted to be the leader of the WAC
And as Daniel stated, please be active so we know you are here with us.
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTE RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/PfxlriSE0e0?si=unlTMS2nEzs3JRtX
With the whole 800 shadowban thing, you can only do 800 for any country per day
BREAKING NEWS: Georgia has taken over the federal government in being the representative of the US bid to be a NIFA observer state
It will drastically change the US in the upcoming weeks months, even years
I will also make a template for the ChatVote and IdleChatVote
But your ok to use the move to brand account feature
Nigeria 3.5T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/r0PiQhuOcSY?si=qOPC-uaqwzVKgUjr
Bro I swear that literally half the nations in the previous idle chat vote recap will probably achieve a maximum recap streak.
Ever since AIFA left it’s a graveyard filled with Red Waves remains
Although Stage one will end by the end of this year as expected
The only problem that I could face in the future is Utonish consistently banning my channels, but it’s fine because I can always use the transfer exploit if needed
@Utonish Dweller Im gonna make a IdleViewVote screenshot of how it will look like today if it was still around
Agreed the Idle Vote should be reset, it has become a game of attrition
As @Tquik said, we need to switch the Owner Status once in awhile
This should be more discussed imo. YouTube ruins everything all the time.
I might be the only one who selected yes but for a good reason. So I don’t think it will by the end of this month but rather, the end of next month!
There are 3 attacks which means they must have 3-4 combos on Vietnam
So far it’s quite interesting, Algeria and the Falkland Islands are very close in terms of votes this week and Chile and Spain is right behind them all! Of course Singapore still dominates.
https://youtube.com/shorts/tJ1jauebAwQ?si=KcJbmLN1sc9kwMQJ ITS BACK!!!
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 Damn somehow that Kino song got into my Top 20 most listened songs this month.
Durian Ice Cream is one of my favorite Ice Cream favors
But the Red Wave has won, NIFA is completely disbanded and what used to be the Top 5 has now become the Top 250
The first few hours was heaven, when no bots existed yet
Réunion is the 5th country on the idle chat vote to reach 100k votes
Make sure to update your template to match mine because I made a couple of changes to it
# TOP USERS VS CHATVOTECOMBO WEEK 4 | Adjusted for real placements
This is stage 1 where a country is in a recap twice in a row
And it became very useful during the introduction of the 800 limit but I just didn’t how to pull it off until 2025
Bro like I said the Greeks gained more than them today
@Utonish When you stop making the recaps, I will make them for you so that way you can post it on your channel, since I know when there’s not much activity it can get tiring. So I will take over the recap scene if you want.
9/13 Suddenly countries all over the idle vote get a huge surge in votes
It’s ok just keep finding ways on Google or something
Now that I think about it, there’s no need to. Let’s just move on from this and rest in peace.
I can't believe how the idle chat vote is soon to overtake the chat vote in points
But how? My advanced features are disabled and all but one of my channels are not banned by YouTube. I’m only left to the GCAT global combo.
And it doesn’t make sense that his name is BENYI when I could of literally just named it Peoples Action Party of Singapore and you guys would be so convinced it’s me
RO: With the idle vote becoming dominant over society
Recaps potentially releasing in 5 minutes! Also yes Utonish is saving data for the idle chat vote which means there will be a recap this week!
Yeah and it didn’t work after awhile and Utonish bans it
Its a sad fact to think about, but eventually its gonna come
Oh damn Canada could actually beat Nigeria if @karavase can somehow do that 24/7
1. Mass Account Creation Technique = Failure, although could still work but will be costly\n\n2. Transferring Exploit = Its good and all but only is valuable on the combo\n\n3. Remote Account Switching Technique = Definitely a less expensive option to #1 and will definitely be worth trying
I think I have a new Denis with me and that’s you @karavase you have become very consistent lately and I appreciate your effort
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Idk wtf is wrong with you but you better not exclude them in the next one
Türkiye has passed 100k votes the first country on the whole idle chat vote to do so!
# NEW UPDATES TO THE DAILY REPORT:\nI have added a new `MEDAL` function which will show the medal next the country's growth and percent growth if they are 1st 2nd or 3rd in the\n# HIGHEST POINT GROWTH\nand\n#  HIGHEST PERCENTAGE GROWTH
But Singapore passed Algeria in hopes of rivaling Türkiye
Monthly growth depends on weekly growth which depends on the other two factors
Actually name one Nguyen and one Minh, that would be so cute
Wait what you talking about the recap I released on the 31st?
@Caucasian Mapper What’s your opinions on this?\n\nHere are the top countries that I’m thinking about right now\n\n1. 🇵🇱Poland\n2. 🇩🇪Germany\n3. 🇫🇷France\n4. 🇫🇮Finland\n5. 🇬🇧Britain\n6. 🇪🇸Spain\n7. 🇪🇪Estonia\n8. 🇱🇹Lithuania\n9. 🇷🇸Serbia\n10. 🇱🇻Latvia\n\nLiterally all European right now, like wtf is going on right now…
So this leaves the gates open to whoever wants to dominate next
Idk if I’m calculating the gains correctly or Utonish is but apparently we’re losing to the idle chat vote as we speak
Not yet because Nigeria was now rapidly approaching 1M likes
Man bro not only loves singapore but its also highest on both chat votes
Because as you know the Cycle of Bayuification is a continuous cycle that repeats about every year
Fucking hell mate, what are you doing here at this time? Did you miss all of what happened?
Maybe you should learn a music instrument or something this year
But the recap is June I will definitely use your footage to make it
It’s not me being tired or anything but it always happens
He probably doesn’t even pay attention to the Idle Vote anymore
Once Canada passes Singapore in points I will tie up the votes to that of Canada and both will be growing at the same speed.
This is how a country will look like if they have a recap streak
Well in terms of Niger, I plan to stop voting them when they reach 2T and then ill switch to Guinea and bring them to the same point as Niger, and once Nigeria reaches 10T Points and 1M votes, I will switch to voting Vietnam and so on
If they do it again, that will usually unite the country against America and you definitely don’t wanna unite a country currently divided right now
And you will rot to death until you realize what you did wrong
I’m still testing it but I might of just made history
Chat Vote Projection based off of monthly growth till 2025: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/16650428/
There are  3 nations currently above 10k votes already! Congratulations to Singapore, Algeria and Türkiye!
Idc about Georgia however Belarus isn’t even in **The New Order**
Vietnam reached 2K Likes the first item on the ComboVote!
If Utonish does than NIFA will completely disband lol
Grow up Denis. Stop posting nonsense memes here and instead gain that money.
No don’t ban them, it’s just they use multiple accounts
4/19 - In about 5 days the war is over and Canada annexes those states
@Caucasian Mapper What do you think about Germany’s growth on the chat vote today
Click the live stream button and stream your tweaks and you should have a 24/7 stream
Maybe create an British overseas territories empire
Falkland Islands I would consider as MrBeast 2 because they are the only NIFA country outside Africa
To the point where not even you can imagine how big this number is
Yeah, the whole Party system seems a bit vague, I think we should just elect individuals willing to run for now, and maybe we can make that work next election
And then click Move channel to your google account or to a different brand account
Ok once I have a good amount of time to spare I will enact my plan to reset the dislike counts
But before that, Bilip somehow found out about the exploit without me even telling him
At this point I’m only here for the votes now, not the points. I plan to overtake Türkiye in votes soon and then completely abandon combo as a whole
### Integration and Ecosystem: Apple Has the Edge\n\nApple has created a tightly integrated ecosystem between its devices. Features like AirDrop, iMessage, FaceTime, and Continuity make it seamless to work across iPhone, Mac, iPad, and Apple Watch. This level of integration is difficult to match and is especially attractive for users who already own other Apple products.\n\nAlthough Android has improved in ecosystem integration, especially with Google's suite of services and wearables, it still lags behind in delivering a seamless experience across multiple device types. Samsung and Google are making strides with ecosystem features, but the variety of manufacturers means the experience is not as unified as Apple’s.
I haven’t been able to find any, it’s like it’s out of stock or something.
It’s kinda weird to say this but Singapore has actually been closing the gap between them and Türkiye
And it will thus be my final duty in this community
During the age of the Red Wave, Niger replaced Nigeria to be NIFA leader and then in June Nigeria once again became Leader.
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Russia somehow came outta nowhere and got 5th!
Around 4-5 periods would be good and ill finish the job when I get home
I don't mean decline, but I the difference in gained points this week has gone down dramatically
@everyone For those who have questions about the YouTube AI Age Restriction system, we can discuss about it in #❓◄𝖠𝗌𝗌𝗂𝗌𝗍𝖺𝗇𝖼𝖾►💬
But despite that, there’s a lot of political instability
Guinea is projected to pass Niger in growth next year and maybe overtake them in the future!
Can you vote a full 800 on India with one of your 100ks
PAP be like: I will vote both of you. Oh yeah just as long I don’t forget about Switzerland
But the focus here is Romania and Nigeria passing Singapore
Like I know Nova is really happy right now although still upset with me but I respect that.
Unless of course you went over the 800 limit then yes
As for @Bosmium he would be around where Chagos Islands is
And Remi continuing to vote Nigeria, DR Congo and Niger
Really that’s it? For 3 months? I would think that Nigeria would have at least 3 or 4M votes by June and Israel would have 6M votes, etc
Hell yeah🔥 That’s the true operations all along. That’s the true spark within me, and in the end, that’s what has made my life worth more.
The botter: Wow we got our country number 1 on the last recap
Ok anyway I’m just gonna peace out and let the voting do its job
It’s possible however Discord would always send a welcome message right?
@Nova 2016 2018 Or anyone, yeah we should probably revive the whole Sports thing
Alright so my mission rn is to reclaim North Macedonia
Like screw the idle chat vote and chat vote, this has become the main show
Once Indonesia is below Vietnam for good, me and you can make peace and this game is gg’s. Germany and Vietnam are victorious
Today is the final day between the war with Greece so I won’t recap it because Nigeria is gonna pass Greece later today
So here’s a new plan for the Top 20\n1. Romania\n2. Vietnam\n3. Canada\n4. Georgia\n5. Bosnia\n6. Israel\n7. Armenia\n8. United States\n9. Russia\n10. Germany\n11. Nigeria\n12. Niger\n13. Sweden\n14. Norway\n15. DR Congo\n16. Guinea\n17. Brazil\n18. Denmark\n19. Finland\n20. Greece\n21. Kiribati\n22. Czechia\n23. Spain\n24. Singapore\n25. Indonesia
Parts that might even be smaller than we comprehend
But you don’t need to work extra hard when you already have the happiness and enjoyment from it
Like @Karotten That proves his point that they are all interlinked
Bro you crashed out because I didn’t add Georgia and now your gonna crash out because Armenia is too high
Without @Halau Support, the Falkland Islands is soon to fall out of the Top 40
How about getting rid of the ia and then adding an extra g before the r and pronounce the r harder
Because at this point Vietnam might actually be able to consolidate their power 100%
# UPDATE\nDue to the ongoing events happening in Nigeria, they will temporarily declining in points
Really so you want to create a sequel? How willl that work?
It’s 14-15M because when I make the recaps every week, it shows up as that much instead of what it says on the idle vote
(Utonish slaps you on the face if he catches you bot)
Now that I have realized this, I will put this on pause and resume what I have previously enjoyed
Yeah than they might go back to Singapore or something
Its crazy how India went from 4th all the way to 2nd
Almost everyone in the Balkans are related in one way or another, yet they always find reasons to hate each other over such petty things
Just wait until he’s gone and it should uncurse your accounts
Now unless we don't solve the upcoming population crisis by 2100, Humanity will be doomed to go extinct
Да, все потому, что он потерял простую вещь, ты знаешь. Он всегда такой.
Which is enough to maybe rival the growth of the US
Not all at once but consecutively yes that legitimate
Oh the app that I use can let me multi select so that’s why I was able to make this so quickly
Oh nvm, they somehow gained 60 dislikes and purged like 100k points because they forgot to dislike them💀
It’s all based upon what you guys want and we are here to support each other on that
I will gladly let people dislike Vietnam if they want
Believe me you don’t want to go through what I went through
@Sonar Tori and @m4ngo____ I’m gonna warn you one more time. If you dare to cause anymore chaos in GCAT or spread conspiracies about us members, you will wish you wouldn’t have taken such measures against us. You will regret everything you did, and you will face harsh consequences. Believe me I don’t want to be the bad guy here and I want to work with you guys.
Also I have been supporting you guys a bit so that might explain something @Caucasian
Ill try my best to support @Utonish as much as possible in his effort to combat cheating, as I said by pinging him, and you guys can do the same thing if you want. And in fact the OFN will be the organization to combat cheating instead of enforcing cheating.
Then this leads to the succession of the SADC from AIFA
If I had to make a bet on who would be 1st, it would be Vietnam, or Türkiye
Wait a minute, are you trying to replace me? If so, you would be the perfect person to do so!
-5:30 PM UTC, quickly the rest of the OFN gets involved and quickly sends forces to quell the uprising in Europe.
Georgia(Sakartvelo), Myanmar, United States(Georgia), and Falkland Islands are the only non african countries associated with NIFA and its structures
Btw Utonish is now verified so you can't impersonate him anymore
But obviously with the new cooldown it’s much easier to
Nova, what did I say. It’s just gonna repeat history again
NIFA: You shall nolonger be able to access the idle vote on any IP
@Halau When you do think Georgia will hit 100k growth
Most Gained Growth Last Month:\n1. Canada(Monthly Gold Medal)\n2. Singapore(Monthly Silver Medal)\n3. Brazil(Monthly Bronze Medal)
THE PHILIPPINES HAS PASSED NIGERIA! The Philippines is now considered my best contribution on the combo ever!
Also Vietnam fun fact managed to repass Türkiye for a short while before Türkiye eventually overpowered them and the Vietnamese lost their combos
Well take advantage over the point surge and try to pass Canada in votes and maybe Singapore
Absolutely right, for all of the stupid things that have happened, we will repair that
That’s about the same amount Viet Nam or US gained on the chat vote for all of last year
Yup I’m proud of you though! Although your actually in fact closing the gap between Vietnam💀
Lmao in an alternate universe, we be asking\n“What If Nigeria did not exist?”
Well the lore was never meant to be voting bound since it was of course going to end in the same outcome no matter what
@Caucasian In case your wondering. Roubaix is real, I just abducted him and became PoTenTiaL which was a completely bad decision tbh. Under the name PoTenTiaL I committed such horrific crimes against Utonish and the fan base and I regret all that.
2026 is definitely off to a good start for the ComboVote
If you see someone doing the wrong, flip that around and make it right
Good thing I stopped voting Singapore because it's just gonna fall back again
Hmm I wonder how this would even work because by default when you vote your combo increases by 1. But with the 0.05 increase, it will just increase by 1.05 instead of 1??
And at the end of that, let’s not forget about\n# THE RED WAVE
This world is built off of soft pleasure where we want things to be done now rather than later.
Like specifically the beginning part not the middle section
Actually I think it started originally with China since they had rumors that China and Barbados was behind the red wave attacks
Oh yeah let’s not forget Algeria being gone for like half a year
Alright well maybe the Russian government gets overthrown by a pro-western government
Also Niue has made a comeback and they are 11th behind Greece
2029(After Collapse of AIFA):\n\n1. OFN - 59T Votes\n2. Southern Africa - 183G Votes\n3. Indian Union ~ 128G Votes
Technology and the outside world are completely different worlds
When I was voting Singapore in early 2023 I heard the new music
It’s fucking exhausting when you have to work on 3 videos in a row and the fact you guys expect me to finish it today
So that way when I paste it in, I don’t have to manually put the fires in
I love the fact Denis is making a lot of money and that’s great
Oh wait I never thought of that G-“CAT” that’s why our old logo was a tiger.
That sucks because Asia would have the highest country
Falkland Islands icv is getting closer to passing Falkland Islands cv
Hsinotu would be second though but with a bit more work needed
Ok @m4ngo____ and @Sonar Tori you have been freed, don't cause anymore ruckus or you will be put in prison again and this time for longer. I trust you guys and I hope you guys have really changed.
I WILL ANNOUCE THAT I WILL BE TEMPORARILY LEAVING THE COMBO!
Algeria and Türkiye like I said were friendly due to sharing the same religion
I wish I can admit but I could get in trouble for that
The rivalry between Singapore and Malaysia continue lol
I was secretly running the Algeria account as well during my time as PAP
And then on IdleViewVote it remained the same or it reset too?
Sure will start tomorrow since I spent 5 or 6 hours on the idle vote lol
Because you don’t need to vote them everyday at this point anymore
Im getting the Top 20 up to their highest growth recorded but not too high to be cheating, and then will focus on the Top 60 next with the second draft
Now unless you apologize to me for saying that I broke the treaty I will not do anything to them.
Yeah I’m trying to find a link to his old IdleViewVote daily report thing but to no prevail. Maybe he might of actually deleted them, but I’m not sure.
Like they got in the Top 50 in like less than a day
We shall prevent this red wave from taking over the site
Well I hope the click vote will be something while it lasts because it will face the same fate
Idk why you still trust TW but she completely ignored the problem like it was nothing, she hates me, I know it.
But just enough for people to keep on the back of their mind
And as the Cycle of Bayuification says, “you will one day become Bayu”
They are responsible for this Red wave in the first place because Israel, Japan and India are still gaining dislikes
Huh ok that’s strange, apparently Nightbot got kicked out for some reason
Like literally anyone could beat them if they wanted
Bottom is fully liberated as the DPRK is now GREEN!
Here are the meanings for each custom emojis\n# Favorite Countries Report\n🩸 = <0 Points\n💀 = -1000 Points\n☠️ = -2500 Points\n👹= -5000 Points\n⛑️ = Gaining Points(For negative point countries)\n\n# Growth Reports\n🧊 = <100 Votes, <1M Points\n❄️ = +100 Votes, +1M Points\n:growth: = +250 Votes. 3.5M Points, >10th on Attention List\n:growth2: = +500 Votes, 7M Points, 10th on Attention List\n:growth3: = +750 Votes, 15.5M Points, 9th on Attention List\n🔥 = +1000 Votes, 35M Points, 8th on Attention List\n:fire2: = +1500 Votes, 52.5M Points, 7th on Attention List\n:fire3: = +2000 Votes, 70M Points, 6th on Attention List\n:fire4: = +2500 Votes, 105M Points, 5th on Attention List\n:fire5: = +3000 Votes, 140M Points, 4th on Attention List\n:fire6: = +3500 Votes, 210M Points, 3rd on Attention List\n:fire7: = +4000 Votes, 315M Points, 2nd on Attention List\n:fire8: = +5000 Votes, 420M Points, 1st on Attention List\n\n# Placements Changes in Reports\n:up:(+1) or 🔼(+1) = +1 Position on Report\n:down:(-1)or 🔽(-1) = -1 Position on Report\n:up2:(+3) or 🔼(+3🔥) = +3 or more Positions on Report\n:down2:(-3) or 🔽(-3🩸) = -3 or more Positions on Report \n\n# Organization of Free Nations\n:ofn: = Organization of Free Nations of Utonish\n:ofn_afro: = OFN Africana\n:ofn_euro: = OFN Europa\n:slavic_brotherhood: = Slavic Brotherhood\n:CEC: = CEC\n\n# Utonish\n:hsinotu: = Hsinotu\n:papua: = Peoples Action Party of Utonish Annihilation\n:utonish: = Utonish\n:Utonishhavingaskillissue: =Utonnish is having a skill issue\n:firstlogoUtonishCommunity: = first logo, the Utonish Community\n\n# Other\n:season1: = Season 1 Recap\n:smokinondatvictorypackfr: = smokinondatvictorypackfr\n:BenyiPratam: = Benyi Pratam\n:Benyisworstnightmare: = Benyi's worst nightmare\n:oldserverlogo: = Old server logo\n:GCATpresentlogo: = GCAT Present logo\n:getwrecked: = get wrecked\n:dancingpigeon: = Daning Pigeon
@Halau You should vote Saint Barthélemy to pass France on the Chat Vote
So now I’m in the process of liberating the 250th country
And if you include the Philippines votes, that make it 2M+
Russia actually gained a similar amount of points to that of Türkiye today which is impressive!
If Utonish doesn’t ban Russia at 1M likes, NIFA will continue to 1.5M
But why would it happen right after Benyi reported you
Actually I’m gonna add them to my COC alliance thingy
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTECOMBO RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/FKN4yEkgmBk?si=cM5b8DHDVFYzuElH
I care a lot about maintaining stability in this society. I want things to remain in the up. That’s why I took over the idle vote in the first place. To create a better place for voting.
What has happened in the past was all a false flag. All the Botting. All the chaos.
But unfortunately Georgia will suffer a big loss from Georgia
At this point this is how the ComboVote feels like https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=wPOF5FgG3DU&si=6-n1LD4t9Ed7M_PJ
Because when I did it, I was able to vote immediately
But at this point I don’t care about the Unknowns anymore since items are now super high, and they aren’t so much of a threat as before.
Why do we have to have this conversation again☠️ It’s your opinion and we respect that
I may need to activate another war of liberation if this gets out of hand
And if Utonish does ban any of my channels, I can always restore them with the transfer exploit
Once that’s settled Nigeria will only gain 300B points per week
The Band Room at 5PM.\n\nThe daylight is still out but it’s forgotten, like if it was left there for who knows how long.
Btw I have gotten rid of 4-20 gains because it is too op to have
Once they stop, will easy pass them since Singapore won’t be gaining anymore
I was thinking about the =IS_BOT function for a minute
I know you hate the website but please include the website!
No more days where I forget everything that I do other than exceptions
IF ANYONE ELSE DECIDES TO MAKE FUN OF ME IN ANYWAY, CALLING ME A BOT OR MAKES FUN OF NIGERIA YOU ARE ON MY SHIT LIST
It will be an exact replica and will run exactly like Utonish made it
Top 5 Countries on the Chat Vote by June Prediction\n1. 🇸🇬Singapore - 6,015T Points - 726K Votes\n2. 🇮🇩Indonesia - 4.830T Points - 895K Votes\n3. 🇷🇴Romania - 4.024T Points - 595K Votes\n4. 🇳🇬Nigeria - 4.003T Points - 552K Votes\n5. 🇺🇸United States - 2.450T Points - 451K Votes
Man I strive for the old days when it was much easier to cheat for the fun of it lol
Tf was I pinged for. I had nothing to do with Georgia going into negative, I was voting Vietnam the whole time and I didn’t switch to any other countries.
This is a teaser for a report I’m doing for my favorite countries of all of 2025 which I will be releasing on New Years Eve
And let me tell you, that required tons of effort to maintain
Ikr, we literally liberated them from that Pol Pot guy, and saved millions from dying.
But as I said I support your idea. So I have no problem with that
When I get to a 1M combo I will share my whole cookie id to everyone
Right, don’t lose hope on the very things you dream of. Keep going. Keep striving for it. And I promise you will get it no matter the cost.
I wanted to recover my combos and that’s all I wanted
I tried that but it just resets back to normal if you set it to real time
If anything this is funnier than all of Benyi’s moments combined
2/26 - Southern Africa gains independence under Botswanan rule
Including Saint Barthélemy and Reunion they would have more
I always say that 2025 is the best year, but is that really true? I would say it’s the best year in dealing with the loop, but it hasn’t done much in containing the loop.
Note:  Fires in the lifetime leaderboard are messed up, I will fix that later.
I’m sick and tired of these mfs. We shall put an end to this nonsense.
Screw being an admin when being PR is so much cooler
However we are all allied under the **NEW ORDER** Alliance
Dang the guy literally left the server just like that
https://tenor.com/view/yay-yes-yes-yes-gif-386207701122306006
The Falkland Islands are currently the fastest growing in terms of new votes this week and at this rate might become the fifth fastest growing nation in terms of new points soon if they continue gaining momentum!
GERMANY IS NOW THE HIGHEST EUROPEAN COUNTRY ON THE CHAT VOTE ONCE AGAIN!!!!!!!🔥
Welp just appeal it and YouTube will “usually” unban them since it’s happened to me before when YouTube thought I was scamming people when I named my channels to something I wasn’t apparently supposed to name it.
Because Idle Vote is VPN based and both chat votes are Alts and bots
Applying to any leadership position be like: \n\nWrite about why you should run for ______ next elections.\n\nAnswer: Cuz my relative told me so
Dang I honestly hope it doesn’t go down the same dark path.
Since Nigeria is gonna pass Antarctica in serval days
In fact in this timeline I will be supporting China rather than Nigeria
I can officially declare this the revival of the IdleChatVote
Let’s go Falklands! Maybe you might be the one to break Singapores streak!
I know that behind those bots are real faces who want to see a brighter future to those countries
“Israel actually won and took over.”\n-Geography Now
At this point I’m already looking forward to the next Live Stream because me @iu mãi VN-A615 , Danto and some other Vietnamese have huge plans for it whenever it comes.
AE: And because we recently repaired our Time Machine, we shouldn’t be able to travel back as in this timeline, it no longer exists due to the changes we made
Now each column is ruled by Indonesia, Singapore, and Malaysia
Oh yeah and now people are doing the same thing Bayu did
BUT I DONT CARE I CAN ALWAYS TRY AGAIN. IF I LOSE MY COMBOS I WILL ALWAYS GET THEM BACK.
This will report all the points gained throughout 2025 and how much has changed since January.
AIFA is an alliance that consists of Nigeria, Niger, Guinea, Benin, Kenya, Falkland Islands, DR Congo, Sierra Leone, Togo, Cameroon, Algeria, Mali, Senegal, Botswana, and South Georgia Islands
# Important news about the combo\nSo on December 25th 2025, this day officially ends my combo run all together. YouTube apparently thought I was breaking Community Guidelines again and this time my biggest combo was banned permanently and cannot be recovered and thus my combo run is over. No more voting, no more botting, no more chaos. No more of the dark ages. The past has become the past. And now we move on for good. This is my final statement for the combo. I give up, I surrender to Bilip, Daniel, and all the legit voting community. You have won the war against corruption, you have won against the unwilling, and you have won against fraud. But because of this, the community has never been this united before on a single cause, to end cheating all together. And because of this, we all see a day in which real effort beats cheating for the first time since the Early Ages, where pure dedication earns you something and true loyalty to that at that. And now in 2025, the final battle is over. The fall of a big villain. The fall of a force never seen before. The fall of a country. The fall of a society. The fall of chaos. The fall of automation. The collapse of PAP, and now the collapse of cheating. Victory…🕊️
@Sonar Tori's Control (SBC) and @Lenon (Stadtbild) Please write your statement/declaration of why you want to be an Admin for GCAT or else you will probably be disqualified\n#deleted-channel and #deleted-channel
Does everyone need to tell me that I’m gonna get passed
Ok I found out Utonish also has an 8 digit back up code
Yup I totally expected you to say that. It doesn’t bother me anymore at this point.
Yeah I know what you’re thinking Bayu. Isn’t that backwards though
Since South Georgia Islands and Falkland Islands have close association with each other, they got moved to the front of the line and thus are behind Botswana
I managed to get them Top 6 back when it was easy to push without alting
I’m not gonna let things like this get in the way of making my life better. I already have had enough of these guys…
I’m still in the debate on whether I should download and delete the main account or wait until I can do something else to get it back.
Nah bro, this style of content is too much for me lol, I’ve seen like around a thousand of those already
@Benyi Pratam GET YOUR ASS OUT OF HERE OR ELSE I WILL KEEP IT UP
Theoretically I would of been able to bot past Indonesia’s 900k but at that time the Shadowban was introduced which prevented me from voting and then Utonish was also banning all of my channels
Dang and Philippines is now 10th and back then they were 5th
There’s absolutely no way he has gotten 10k without stopping
And ill prioritize helping people first before I vote Vietnam or Philippines
Like when they first start they know but later on they’re so dedicated that they forget about the chat
The red wave will never go away unless NAFA there to stop it from happening
Like at very start of 2023 only a couple of countries had 10k
However that’s the highest it gets before the technology is ultimately outlawed from use
World Map in 2031\nEvents:\n- OFN Relinquish Occupation Zones in North America re-establishing Pre-WW4 countries. Plans are in process to reform the Americana branch of the OFN in North America eventually.\n- OFN also Releases Brazil in South America\n- The Republic of Hispaniola forms the Caribbean Federation after absorbing Relinquished Caribbean territories from the OFN.
@Caucasian NEO-AIFA 2026🇪🇹 | The Final Chapter of the Idle Vote soon.
HOLY CRAP☠️ https://youtube.com/shorts/Hy9_3W8mJdA?si=RrxQvWn7znHsna2V
The group of people that dislikes every country on the Idle Vote Country section
NAFA currently controls number 6,7,8 on the chat vote with Nigeria being number 6, DR Congo being number 7 and Niger number 8, Algeria leads Africa though at number 5
But I know Utonish will take action against them eventually if they get crazier
@Caucasian Mapper One more edit for you https://youtube.com/shorts/YluRFWa3c-o?si=J3OhnM8pNSRP2yj8
I’m currently testing a new Top100 IdleVote Country Recap style. I might try to do one for either this weeks or next weeks recap!
Yeah he voted before but he I think lost his combo and took a short break. But now he’s back now
Also Philippines is fourth somehow. Good job @userdev_
And soon everyone was against Bayu who was con considered a bot
He’s afraid that one day I will become that again, but the past is long gone and now I will never let anything like that from happening again
And yall can try it for yourself, after awhile the points won’t go through
Function.idlevote.country/likecount/nigeria failed to load\nFunction.idlevote.country/likecount/niger failed to load\nFunction.idlevote.country/likecount/guinea failed to load\nFunction.idlevote.country/likecount/benin failed to load\nFunction.idlevote.country/likecount/kenya failed to load
Like @Caucasian Mapper You have to be careful on what you say because it can lead to contradictions that can be devastating
Also Algeria too they also have quite a bit of an advantage over everyone else
While I was supporting those 5 countries, I noticed the red wave tried taking down like 5 nations and I noticed because they were all white so I had to prevent those countries from turning red
And it’s really not a weekly but instead a quarter of a year recap
Hey guys, sorry to inform you all but I will be pushing back the release of FAME Chapter 2 until Monday since theres a lot of work to be done and it will take a lot of time to do. Sorry for the inconvenience!
The US actually doesn’t recognize North Korea as a real country fun fact
I never should have took over the idle vote, I should have just left it rotting in the Red Wave hell.
And yes I will eventually do an IdleChatVote version
Total Utonish Universal Point Count: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/21883602/
If I’m gonna be honest, having such a strong feeling against territories because they are “annoying” is criminal. Sure I have strong feelings towards people who ruin my work too but the reason being a territory is insane bro.
Because his style of videos are more appealing to viewers
Weekly Idle Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/o4csgl_Zht4?si=PBhlpFatrWeYuGkk
And I’m not doing this to crash out again in front of my own friends; im only doing this to ensure that this server remains in good hands, and that our server continues to prosper to for times to come. @Nova 2016 2018 If you do not do elections sooner or later, I will leave this server to die and revive the FAME server.
I miss going on to the stream and seeing the top 10
Especially on a live stream that hasn’t been streamed in so long
Bruh How am I already 60B points ahead of Georgia???
NO DUDE YOU DONT UNDERSTAND, I HAVENT VOTED ON THEM IN LIKE HALF A WEEK BRO
Arguably better than all of Benyi’s moments combined
PAP: You know like oil and natural gas. Also Mineral deposits.
Although Algeria and Morocco kind of complicate things between us
https://tenor.com/view/%C5%9F%C5%9F%C5%9F%C3%BC%C3%BC%C3%BC%C3%BC%C5%9F%C5%9F%C5%9F-gif-27139933
I’m sorry old pal but you cannot always have your way
Cuz Georgia ain’t all that great if you continue acting this way
Russia is now at its highest growth in all of Idle Vote history
At the end of next week, we could see Japan reach 93rd which is behind Croatia and ahead of Denmark
Alright well now there’s a guy that wants to get Chile ahead of Indonesia next week on the Weekly Recap and now there’s an new Algerian voter, so I think Indonesia is gonna finish Top 5 this week.
Someone thats so obscure will probably pass Singapore and Canada
You’ll care once vote 800 times and none are counted
Actually it would be more like Green Wave Federal Alliance vs Nigerian Wave
Might as well pack my bags and live in Nigeria if I love them that much
But that is not gonna stop me from passing Singapore
Ok anyway the Philippines gained 2,334,886 in case anyone is wondering
And in its place, we have this community. Where despite all the chaos we found our way through and we now we all rest.
Well I will try my best to help, but I won’t guarantee it will do much. Maybe later on.
We could expect so idlechatvote items rivaling idlevote items
Sorry I had something to do today, but we will resume operations tomorrow
Since of course the US, Ive known ever since i was born obviously, like most of the countries specifically from Asia i only memorized in 2020
And all I have to say is don’t become the beast that I was
I think back then I remember voting China back when it was first place on the country section...
Not the newer players with less work to do taking over
Well isn’t that the point of the Archive, other than showcasing and archiving history. It would be cool to see this for all the Utonish related alliances/groups
China would be at like 760M by 2100 which would be pretty close to Nigeria
Well deleting won’t do anything since I cannot even create a channel to begin with
So even If I support Nigeria all the time and the fact that Nigeria is one of my favorite countries doesn’t change the fact that I’m an American who’s Vietnamese
Well here in the idle vote we call it “Helathcare” not “Healthcare”.
The problem is that it will make the layout much smaller so thats why its 5 per page
I know this may be political but this may explain what is happening in Nigeria currently
If you think about it, Utonish could use AI to fight against AI
Lol, just promote as much as you can and they will believe it
I better rebuild the gap I had with Germany before the dislikes get worse
@Videomaker 🇧🇦 Are you sure you’re on the same internet connection as when you started the combo?
Zambia is the only suspended member of LAS due to them being red right now
How about BOT Points, BOT Coins and Upgradable Titles
I will pass Nigeria on the chat vote, in approximately 7-8 Days
@Bayu = People’s Action Party of Singapore = @Benyi Pratam
Since I’ve lost all of my influence on the live streams, I will try to experiment with something on the Idle Vote
On the first day of the ChatVoteCombo, there were 39,928 votes, and so far today on the ComboVote there has been 28K votes
No it apart of Britain and it wasn’t colonized by Spain, Portugal or France
My legacy will be remembered for millennias to come
67.🔼(+1)🇫🇮*Finland **+312** votes*🔥🔥\n39.🇬🇧*United Kingdom **+144** votes*🔥
Thats the Idle vote world record for most gained likes in one day
Btw @Bosmium probably has the largest combo now since everyone else other then me, and Karotten are offline
RO: Once we get there if I remember, we had a sort of secret weapon
Next Target is Russia as they are the least fastest declining
Lol they gave up with trying to pass Indonesia on the chat vote
Germany is probably gonna pass Niger when I stop voting them lol
All up to you, don’t need to push yourself too much
Hey it’s your opinion, I wouldn’t let anyone judge what your opinions are. If you don’t like Georgia then that’s fine.
Your right I was literally thinking about it just now
Now its just US vs Germany before Nigeria and Germany are together
In case anyone is wondering, yes it is the Nigerian coat of arms in the middle
Don’t like you like the UK better than Switzerland?
Actually here’s my story of how the Idle Chat Vote ended up dying.\n\nSo as you all know, the whole rivalry I had with the Turks, not Bilip but the other Turks, Singapore beat them and thus they ended up quitting because of my actions. Later nations like Algeria, China, Réunion, and even Falkland Islands would rise because of my doing which made a ton of people quit in the process, but it didn’t stop there. Boston tried to rival my influence with Canada and managed to actually pass Singapore a little while before he ultimately quit too and I regained my lead in votes with Singapore. Ultimately the main reason the Idle Chat Vote died was not just my doing, but also with the introduction of the Shadowban. Beforehand, I had my monopoly of running bots 24/7 without them getting banned since Utonish was more easy on bots. But because of the Shadowban being introduced, my operations would completely stall and I eventually had to stop completely until I find a solution to it. Ultimately I never found a solution back then and I ended up quitting. Ever since then, I rarely see any other people voting and eventually France and Karavase would take over most of the action on the Idle Chat Vote for the next year and a half. Singapore would stall in votes and Canada thanks to Karavase would regain its hold over 1st in votes successfully completing the very mission Boston had in mind, meanwhile France and its overseas territories would begin to wreck havoc on the Top 60 and begin taking over the Top 60. And thus this is where we are now. \n\nIn summary, the death of the Idle Chat Vote comes from the Shadowban introduction and my monopoly over the Top 20.
Well I did ofc, and I still cannot believe that other people are voting them with me lol
I feel like we should consolidate our power in the Top 40 since the rest is lost.
# My Favorite Countries | Week 47\n-# 8/8/25\n\n# 1. 🇺🇸*United States*\n💚 **278,588** \n:fire7:**+ 4,890** `#1`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n-# 1. **California**\n-# ❤️89,148\n-# 2. **New York**\n-# ❤️27,859\n-# 3. **Illinois**\n-# ❤️16,715\n-# 4. **Texas**\n-# ❤️13,929\n-# 5. **Hawaii**\n-# ❤️9,751\n-# 6. **Nevada**\n-# ❤️8,358\n-# 7. **Massachusetts**\n-# ❤️7,661\n-# 8. **Minnesota**\n-# ❤️5,850\n-# 9. **New Jersey**\n-# ❤️5,711\n-# 10. **Florida**\n-# ❤️5,572\n\n## 2. 🇮🇳*India*\n💚 **171,115** \n:fire6:**+ 3,531** `#6`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n-# 1. **Central India**\n-# ❤️73,579\n-# 2. **Southern India**\n-# ❤️59,890\n-# 3. **Western India**\n-# ❤️17,112\n-# 4. **Eastern India**\n-# ❤️13,689\n-# 5. **Northern India**\n-# ❤️5,133\n-# 6. **Northeastern India**\n-# ❤️1,711\n\n## 3. 🇵🇭*Philippines*\n❤️ **144,551** \n:fire6:**+ 3,937** `#3`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n-# 1. **Mindanao**\n-# ❤️79,503\n-# 2. **Luzon**\n-# ❤️57,820\n-# 3. **Visayas**\n-# ❤️2,891\n\n## 4. 🇻🇳*Vietnam*\n❤️ **142,299** \n:fire6: **+ 3,545** `#5`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n-# 1. **Đông Nam Bộ**\n-# ❤️79,688\n-# 2. **Đồng Bằng Sông Hồng**\n-# ❤️34,152\n-# 3. **Bắc Trung Bộ**\n-# ❤️17,076\n-# 4. **Duyên hải Nam Trung Bộ**\n-# ❤️7,115\n-# 5. **Đồng Bằng Sông Cửu Long**\n-# ❤️2,846\n-# 6. **Tây Nguyên**\n-# ❤️712\n-# 7. **Đông Bắc Bộ**\n-# ❤️427\n-# 8. **Tây Bắc Bộ**\n-# ❤️285
Eventually we will get the rest of the idle vote to green
Not fast fast growth but just growth that’s consistent
I promise I will do better next time and not lose control like that again
And the reason I have revealed this to y’all so that way the exploit doesn’t get too out of control and so that way controversy doesn’t brew up between us
Yeah here it is if your wondering https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLEJJ5_iAM209NcuFafTIyOHrfa0S9Q-ht&si=Ia8LHzO5E0SFz-Tn
I should of known it was like that for the whole week
Because remember I said Utonish “died” but does that mean he’s actually dead?
Actually ill tell him to vote Nigeria first but then China
Thats one of the reasons why South Korea is number 4 is because they are actually pretty underrated in my opinion compared to Japan
And then Georgia met Georgia and greeted Georgia, and then Georgia left Georgia
Stay tuned for Week 50 of my favorite countries. It’s gonna be interesting this week
Don't worry ill work on the chat vote medal count tomorrow
Who knows they might even go after Malaysia Singapore’s rival
But be sure it’s possible to achieve before the end of January
Oh yeah and one more thing before I go, my goal for Niger this week is to hopefully Ratio the DR Congo and maybe pass Palestine.
Monthly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/amyjn32PkKE?si=BqVaHrGTUfG5Yn1b
It’s time to kick start a new era on the idle vote, and it all begins at home, USA🇺🇸🦅
I didn’t want to repeat the mistakes I did with Vietnam
Sheesh just because of all of that I’m definitely getting first on the DiscordStats this month lmao
I haven’t gotten a single legitimate vote in months because of this and I feel absolutely terrible seeing the Philippines or any nation I vote to suffer. And as I said Caucasian is right about that.
I actually supported China quite a bit in the old days before DTM came and passed China with Botswana
And at this point Roubaix finally noticed the thing that was plaguing the whole idle vote country section
Wtf I thought the reset interval was 24 hours? My combo got reset?
Only because Nova hasn’t voted that much other than on the ComboVote
So I think the 09e4 is also alligned with Antarctica
Kenya - Only nation outside of West Africa that’s a member
Just kidding I will be doing this one https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=7pfX1OKqP80&si=Vn443bhG5uvDcVSs
In case anyone is wondering, yes I will still be tracking recap streaks until August
I will end my Georgia combo tomorrow and I’ll never support you again
THE US IS GROWING FASTER THAN NIGERIA🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🦅🦅🦅🦅
I tried to stop Japan but failed and now they are declining over 200k a second.
This is justified proof that Nova is a horrible person.
So all I’m saying is that you won’t succeed if you’re not willing to work for it
Stage 2 will be bringing each country to 50-100k growth
This could finally end the constant Singapore being #1 trend in every Utonish recap
# TO EVERYONE HERE\nI will be temporarily be muting this server because of the recent activity and I won’t blame anyone here but I will no longer be responding to any messages here for temporarily as I’m incredibly busy for the upcoming Finals week. I hope you guys understand.
Like why am I even doing this… Why does the red wave even exist. If anything I would be disliking Israel right now if the red wave didn’t exist
RO: But an Earthquake caused by a Nuclear Explosion is not been heard of before
Basically 99% of the botted votes are on them in the combo
And not have to worry about anything like you always have.
I don’t get why either, my mom says India should just support USA and the west
Fuck man it’s gonna take all day for like 30 days to upload the hourly data and then make it into a visualization
Because a month ago I was feeling confident in America’s reputation
In Addis Ababa, 2034, After OFN Africana Collapse.\n\nPersonnel 1: "Wait so what happened?"\n\nPersonnel 2: "A civil war brewed in the OFN and it seemed like the OFN had it under control."\n\nPersonnel 3: "Then things got out of control. It became an endless loop and it drained the OFN out of resources."\n\nPersonnel 1: "Out of all things, it had to be that? What will we do next?"\n\nPersonnel 2: "You know what. Everyone hates us, then so be it. We will come out of the ashes of war."\n\nPersonnel 1: "What do you mean?"\n\nPersonnel 2: "We will become the next AIFA. We will take over the world."\n\nPersonnel 3: "WHA-"\n\n"NEO-AIFA has been formed -1 Day ago, January 1st 2035."
Nigeria has become the center of all idle vote action
Thanks to AIFA’s taxes, you were able to buy yourself out of 250th
One more thing, I've noticed the site Total Site dislike count is outpacing faster the Total Site like count in growth. So I think there might be another Red wave which is what I call it when a lot of countries start declining. Anyway I predict another red wave coming soon, which would totally devastate the Top 10 and would cause many countries to stagnate in growth.
@Caucasian Mapper how many hours until Georgia pass Peru
I was describing to TW of what was happening and she didn’t support my cause
AIFA On CV: 😀\nAIFA On CVC: ☠️\nAIFA On ICV: 😛\nAIFA ON IV: 😎
LETS GO! I have achieved my first ever legitimate Top 20 country ever since I got Singapore to that point back in September or October 2022 on the Chat Vote back when I was doing it legitimately.
Of course not cuz I can come back at anytime and reck the shit out of Germany and Nigeria if I wanted to
Fortunately Indonesia does still hold the longest record of the amount of weeks being number 1 most voted in a week, that being 18 weeks back to back.
They have the highest recorded Inflation rate in European history
Whatever I don’t want to deal with Caucasian or Sonar if they argue again
I know it is hard to forgive us for but just please stop this for once and let’s just live our lives peacefully for once
Btw if you don't know, I got Singapore and Nigeria to top 1 on the chat vote while you were gone
# NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM NAM
But mostly the French Territories they hate the most
No not that. You guys just have been around a lot so
Aww dude you just don't know, I have so many great ideas for this new party system of GCAT
Also Morocco has made a comeback as it always does in the Winter
So for today I will just base data off of 12 hours ago. So the stakes will be easy today
Well obviously it will take a long time to get into the Top 60, so at first maybe we can add a little boost for all until we reached the point of part 1
I guess it’s basically just the og one if we get rid of dislikes
Caucasian the world is not all gonna be about white people you know
Argentina: Well I can barely even get 10% of their growth…
Whatever Utonish has planned next, im ready for it.
Canada gains 1k votes today! 13B+ new points!🇨🇦🔥 \nPotential new rival to Singapore and Indonesia??
I did used to vote Singapore back in day when I was allied with voters of North Macedonia and Portugal
Into the future I hope to see a new order that is free and fair for all
Let’s forget about this and move on to something better
My goal is to pass Algeria and maybe Singapore in votes
Well now you have changed, and I appreciate that now
I just automatically copy and paste values in an increment of 1 which is how I get it to go higher
Nigeria be like: https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=MlGM2hh-lEQ&si=jkyDXPWROWd2l7I5
He also has 2.0 acounts for all of those except for his main Bilip Blop
It took a couple tries but I finally got what I dreamed of!
He better fucking respond now because they could be game changing
# POTENTIALLY BREAKING NEWS\nI will be reviewing Nigeria’s status in the Current Favorites Leaderboard in the upcoming days after recent events.
Bilip’s combos need to be cut in half, and Chispa, well his maybe like 10% of it needs to be cut
I don’t know what to say. Thank you guys. Nevertheless, to the other people who have voted against me. I’m sorry if I didn’t do my job right for you guys and I hope that next time, if there is a next time that whoever wins will continue the legacy and create good change.
I don’t mean like tapping it I mean like punch that W as hard as you can and do it until you see a W being typed in
So imagine Likes and Dislikes are fighting each other
PAP: We will become present like weeks after the union is formed that way NIFA won’t detect any interference.
But Remember it’s probably not gonna last the whole 800 so make sure to do it to maybe 20
But it doesn’t make things any better. Bilip did it the right way. I did it the wrong way. There’s a difference between that. I did it for the sake of selfishness. Bilip does it for the hard work.
Honestly idk it could even be someone we haven’t met yet
You will set off the idlenuclearbomb on the chat vote if he doesn’t reset the chat vote
Damn we really need to consolidate our fast before this happens. Because it’s not gonna be pretty.
Wait why is Arad so good? It’s because you A-raddy know!
Sorry friend but we cannot be talking about nsfw stuff here
We need at least 4-5 people who can program(beginner to intermediate level)
The Yellow ones are LAS(Lagos Associative Structure) and the lighter yellow ones are the African Union
Dude like I said if Utonish brings back the old music and combines it with the new music, I swear to god I will stop all my operations for a week and I will vote normally
Because I’m gonna whip some Antarctican Penguin ass
Since I definitely do not see us using a fucking Bear as our logo in the future
Đúng vậy! Tuy nhiên, tôi nghĩ mẹ tôi nấu ăn ngon hơn nói chung.
I mean just look at how many points Nigeria has gained on the chat vote
Yes you are, get back on your other account and you will be fine
Nigeria ended up passing Singapore which I thought would revive my reputation but only made it worse
@karavase you better not mention Canada because I know
PoTenTiaL: It shows that countries as a whole can be united together
During the weekends, I promise that it will be 100% Bot free!
Also I have sort of lost my interest with the combo too
So whoever is behind Benyi, is in touch with someone or is someone in this server that we know very well in disguise trolling us
Believe me this will be disastrous if he knows about the combo reset
I mean Nigeria has 100k votes but thats beside the point
My Least Top 10 favorite countries\n241. Iran🇮🇷 \n242. Cuba🇨🇺 \n243. Venezuela🇻🇪 \n244. Qatar🇶🇦 \n245. Eritrea🇪🇷 \n246. North Korea🇰🇵 \n247. Nicaragua🇳🇮 \n248. South Africa🇿🇦 \n249. Zimbabwe🇿🇼 \n250. Brunei🇧🇳
In terms of NIFA/Idle Vote lore, will just pretend that Niger is the new country since only Niger is apart of NIFA meanwhile Mali and Burkina Faso are only apart of the ACS
The ones in **bold** are the ones who have definitely become more impactful as of late
I might just end the year with this song https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=cXcC2sa2Ru4&si=JByo_oqt53krI9H-
So I know it would be crazy to wait a whole year just for some country to get 1M dislikes
You can use it as much as you want but as Utonish said, be careful and use it at your own risk
But the problem is that MrBeast didn’t enter the Top 50 most subscribed until 2020
I've since realized that all this time, I have lacked a true understanding of everything, which has time and time again dragged me into inescapable dead ends. I didn't understand what others thought, I didn't understand how I felt, I didn't understand what I needed, I didn't understand what others needed. In the end the ultimate reason behind this is acceptance. You have to accept the way things are in order to get around. Just accept reality, don't look into anymore alternative scenarios or situations. Just accept the way it is, and look towards the future.
Same for me, I don’t pay attention to him too much anymore because it’s the obvious expected for what he does
Yeah I know I don’t want Vietnam fall or my career as a whole
It started with the person Linda I believe and then Bayu
@everyone \n# IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT TO ALL AMERICANS IN GCAT\n\nSo have you all heard what’s gonna happen with YouTube? If not let me explain. So YouTube starting August 13th will be rolling out an AI System which can accurately guess peoples ages based on their watch history and interactions on YouTube. With this system, it can detect that whether or not you are 18 and if you are not 18 then YouTube will restrict what you see on YouTube unless you provide them with an ID. Now the problem with this system is that it’s AI, and often times AI is inaccurate and can often flag for false reasons. Additionally YouTube could potentially experience data breaches which could leak people’s personal information along with their ID information. As for me, I honestly don’t care much about this as I plan to quit from YouTube starting tomorrow as I join the millions of others doing the same, and I will prioritize less screen time and focus more on Instagram. I don’t know what you guys will do but I recommend that you quit YouTube as well and post here more.\n\nHowever to everyone who still votes on Utonish’s live streams, be careful on what you watch, because the AI will find out and will restrict you. This probably won’t affect your ability to vote but will heavily affect Combo voting since your account will be at risk of being restricted from voting on the Combo ever again without verification of ID. \n\nAs for everyone else. You guys are safe for now, but just be ware that more countries will be introducing this in the future to preserve Online Safety and may affect you as well sooner or later on Utonish’s live streams.
RO: But for now I have absolutely no time to do such thing like that
Like I don’t want to sound fucking lazy but I sure fucking did a lot yesterday and I was burnt out
I mean look at the gap between Indonesia and Greece, if you were tied with Greece it would take about α year or two non stop voting not botting of course just to get passed Indonesia
Shut up m4ngo you know that your operation will fail. Utonish will take action against you and you will fail.
You should have renamed your bot that first before saying that
Georgia be like the Nigeria of the 50 states section
@Utonipsa I’m not here to criticize you but how tf do yall have so much time to vote 10K times a day combined every single day on TWO live streams, like don’t yall have things to do?
I mean don’t you want them not to vote Algeria because after all Algeria has 90k votes meanwhile Réunion has 3k votes
It’s very sus how nothing has happened. Both Russia and Israel are losing tons of points.
RO: Also The ADP alliance does seem a bit fishy since China’s economy is growing extremely fast and they are at 9M Likes on the idle vote right now and are gaining more than NIFA
But at least he’s telling me, unlike those red wave folks
@Caucasian Mapper @Videomaker 🇧🇦 @iu mãi VN-A615 and many more
And don’t worry, I will still be here on the server everyday responding to messages and all that. Also I will still be making weekly and monthly recaps!
Nigeria grows 604k per second clearly on the idle vote
Well this is probably the edit I made in awhile https://youtube.com/shorts/RRwM11mGde8?si=S90eLgzJrET_cWgM
Great job maybe you can make it so the OECD becomes the fastest growing section when the Country section fully falls red!
In the end, The Winner Takes It All and I still consider Chispa and Bilip the best voters of the combo no matter what. I have no objection to that and you all deserve it. All I ask is be fair with it to everyone else.
Whoever ends with the highest streak will win a special Fame Medal which will double the countries earning until October
I will automatically give everyone Utonish Dweller  so they don't have to select it, but you can get rid of it whenever you want
The redemption arc of the Utonish community has only just begun
RO: Exactly to plan! We got two nations growing now
Russia is now the second fastest growing European nation and the 14th fastest in the world
Just leave the community and try something else, but don’t continue to suffer and endure more
Also I only heard of Nicaragua when I was like 5 years old
https://tenor.com/view/tinikling-dance-philippines-filipino-gif-22540026
All it took was a little change in me to make this happen
And get this. This is all in 2030, 3 years after the War Began.
I think I might of maybe the Falkland Islands a bit too weak in the projections I think that they might be much closer to Indonesia if they were to continue for 2 straight years lol
Now Ethiopia is last African Stronghold in Africa. An opportunity for resurgence not through war, but through trust.
If you type !battle (ISO 3166-1, Alpha 2) (ISO 3166-1, Alpha 2) then it will show in place of the live stream name on the Top left until it’s over or someone else requests another battle.
Weekly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/_PcgvX828fQ?si=TojEJDxTuatph_i1
I used to like India more, but I like China now which is why it’s gaining a lot of points, but because I used to like India, it has a lot of points.
However they are also apart of the same Nation as the Red Nation(Black Sea Accord) and Southern Transcaucasia and they make up the Commonwealth of European Nations
I talked to her yesterday before this all happened about the weather here in San Francisco, and shes like "Yeah yeah, the winter weather sucks" AND SHE HAD NOTHING TO SAY ABOUT HOW I FEEL
4/26 - NIFA discovered that their leaders RO and AE disappeared
Again I wanted to have an advantage over everyone else in tough times like July 2025 but it ended up backfiring and causing this. There is no way I can forget what I did, but for one thing, is once this is fixed and Bilip and Chispa are dealt with, we can all move on and enjoy our lives. And even if it doesn’t get fixed, at least more people will know about the exploit and they too can have equality to Chispa and Bilip, and everyone that can transfer will be happy too.
Ok one of the 21 is definitely the Indian convoy who votes India about every 30-60 minutes
I want your afterlife… no way I would change reality to make every country non existent and make Singapore and Nigeria higher then everyone us.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,., why would I do such a thing
Poor Guitar it probably needs to be cleaned so badly:(
Just imagine how great the US would of been if I didn't quit
Something Utonish praises but makes everyone mad in the process
Bro cmon, like literally half of them aren’t gonna join you
The highest African Nation is surprisingly Central African Republic
He will easily lose a combo on at least half of  them
Remember I supported India from the ground up. You should be thankful I managed to get them to Pakistan’s level.
I just happened to vote on the IdleChatVote and ChatVoteCombo at the same time and got banned
Short answer, you are a hoe @Benyi Pratam you are a attentive person. You are bitter towards us because I failed to make your plan work on Utonish.
PAP had beaten Boston and that would leave number 1 in Singaporean hands until now
That’s right! Just a simple game and if it entertains us, that’s all that matters
Love, peace, and happiness, those are the things that we all as humans want deep inside. It’s the end goal that everyone wants when we all die from old age. It’s the only reason why we are still alive because that’s what we want from when we are first born.
Oh yeah and if you want you can add in those important people you want
Algeria Might actually gain more than Singapore today which is quite impressive
But you gotta do what you gotta do to worn down the enemy
(Fuck I need to snap out of this attitude) Of course I’ll make a video
Maybe because I haven’t heard from that guy for so long
I’m deeply sorry for @·༻Khả❀Năng༺· for lying about being in New York City
Your just yapping about me and what you did to Chispa
No one will, I will always keep that promise never let anyone forget about you:)
Actually depends on when I finish the NIFA offensive
https://tenor.com/view/dead-gif-5848418847127216186
The chat vote is the second ever Utonish project to achieve 10M votes! Congratulations
It’s just insane how a website where you can vote countries and see them grow real time can have so much an impact.
🚨BREAKING NEWS🚨 Israel has fallen below 10k growth rate, it’s now confirmed that Israel is at high risk of declining way below where it sits now like Japan and North Korea previously. Luckily with the help of the N.A.F.A (The Nigerian African Federal Alliance) the situation has improved significantly but there’s still big risk of Israel losing this war and it’s only a matter of time.
Yeah so how tf they did manage to get 69k in the span of a month
Especially Caucasian when he crashed out over me joking about passing Georgia with India. That’s just how he was back then
Oh yeah and before I do that I will also do a session with Israel to get them back to og growth
It fricking sucks to lose the combo you work so hard on but I don’t really care since most of it was botted and only 25% of that was legitimately done. But bad talk aside, keep it up NBA!
Algeria is the third country to officially pass 100k votes
FUCK I TRANSFERRED TO THE WRONG ACCOUNT AND NOW ITS FUCKING GLITCHED AGAIN! MOTHERFUCKER
I could have had that redemption arc this year but I ended up sticking to my old ways and wasting that opportunity over some drama I had with an old friend.
Well technically I didn’t see your voting campaign coming so I was worried that Reunion would lose it’s status in the Top 4 so I voted them as a way of replacing them if you will
Looks like Georgia is winning so I will be voting them next
# IM WITHDRAWING ALL OF MY SUPPORT TO THIS COMMUNITY
Unless if Caucasian really commits to the new live stream then Georgia maybe
Yeah then I wont have to be the policemen of the idle vote
Im gonna help you vote djibouti and later on ill help Remi with Nigeria and DR Congo
Yeah its kinda pointless for the combo imo. I'd rather suffer than to make things easier for people.
Are you joking that you’re dead serious about being dead serious right?
@GCAT Citizen The Global Combo is now released, and will be accepting invitation requests to the Global Combo in #🗳️◄𝖦𝗅𝗈𝖻𝖺𝗅◍𝖢𝗈𝗆𝖻𝗈►🌎-temporarily-closed via your private thread!
Yeah because apparently YouTube hates when you do the same action over and over again for a long time
Utonish: And i made the longest countdown and countup in the world!
Once I get Türkiye to 1T points tomorrow I will gladly support Georgia a little bit
Because voting like that for 24/7 with one account is impossible
Current Fastest declining nations: \n1. Israel -246,909 per second\n2. North Korea -166,307 per second\n3. Russia -95,768 per second
Loving your family, resting with your loved ones, and being happy with the satisfaction of being outside and enjoying the sunshine.
Maybe more like the chat vote but a little different
That’s not it though. I need to LOCK IN. I cannot spend more time on it otherwise I would either lose interest in it or I will quit on it completely. It needs to be done right and I need to focus more on it.
Also the cool thing is that you can vote all 60 at once every 30 minutes
We hate them but yet it would be the perfect one to rival Singapore
It’s just best Utonish does it for Google Accounts or via Brand Accounts
So buckle up everyone, we’re about to go through a long journey in time.
We need to get Niger out of the Top 20 as well which is what I meant to say
No really because I have only documented 2 months worth
Nah it’s fine but at least the Philippines will be in my list today
They can keep hitting Vietnam with their 3.6K combos because I’m basically double their size and my allies are probably approaching my level of strength too
I hope you have a great weekend Denis, and continue on with your grind
No Daniel, we took the right steps but we did it at a late time… and now…
Algeria outnumbered however faced its second ever defeat and FK passed Reunion
So that could potentially change the outcome of the Atlantis civilization
Actually the ending solo of that song got sampled to make this song which is a viral song right now: https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=_j0zh4vmvaQ&si=3BUJKB7YcPanHQHS
Stage 1: Just a normal one channel bot operation - Less likely to be banned by Utonish unless Utonish manually does it\n\nStage 2: Dual bot channel operation - Moderate chance Utonish does something\n\nStage 3: Total horde of bots(Like hundreds of bots) - 100% Utonish does something about it
4/20 - Siberia joins the ADP, but to Russia’s pov joins China
I went from finding this server to creating my own and now this?
Well obviously the cooldown on idle chat vote is only 15 meanwhile its 60 on the idle vote if your not at maximum lives
And in the end became one of the best nations on the chat vote this year
@Sonar Tori Đừng quên về sự cứu rỗi, bạn của tôi. Nó đang chờ đợi bạn vào năm 2026.
I have achieved technically my fourth 10k combo ever, but at the same time I’m pushing the GCAT Global Combo to a much higher number so yall can use it later
Otherwise if there wasn’t a Shadowban I guess people can do more than 800
Well no, not that it resets your combo but rather it switches you to another combo which in this case would be 0 until you switch off the VPN where it puts you back on your original combo
But why?? The Combo literally uses the same system and no one complains about it. Why does it have to be different for the ChatVote. Thats like saying I should update it so the rank shows their weekly rank. Like are people lazy to look at the Highest Growth lists.
We are just the lucky few that don’t have to in the west but the rest of humanity suffers the same fate as you
Once the Red Wave on the idle vote is dealt with, I will bring Nigeria above Algeria
Botted Singapore to 1st on the IdleChatVote and ChatVote
Im Asian myself and I never do that to other people
It’s the Vietnamese Flag scaled up with my logo in the middle
Ok will do this idea then since I can see that this will be easier to execute
Except The Dark Presence is an actual confirmed figure, but the Red Wave is still unknown.
Despite all of this, I still see a brighter future ahead of me, and I still have some hope.
In that case, My Top 10 favorite countries\n1. USA🇺🇸 -\n2. China🇨🇳 -\n3. India🇮🇳 -\n4. South Korea🇰🇷 📈+2\n5. Vietnam 🇻🇳 📉-1\n6. Nigeria🇳🇬 📈+1\n7. Philippines🇵🇭 📉-3\n8. Spain🇪🇸 -\n9. Portugal🇵🇹 -\n10. Japan🇯🇵 📉-3
It used to be called NAFA(Nigerian African Federal Association/Alliance) but because Falkland Islands became the first non-African member, NAFA was changed to NIFA to include non African members
They and Japan are the last remnants of the red wave
I think the impact you have made is good enough for 7th
You know what, I actually forgot that union exists lol, I’ll sabotage Kosovo to re add myself in
Don’t worry, I already promised I would help you guys after I finish my main goals
PoTenTiaL told me before he crashed out to ask you that
Alternate Future of the Idle Vote. Red Wave Victory
And if you get a single “AWW DANG IT” You will be reverted back to trial 1
Ok I’m gonna talk about the situation yesterday and today
There are officially no more nations below 1k likes
Niger passes DR Congo! https://youtube.com/shorts/opn3lLaNJoE?si=_-FSZPV60YYaFdaI
There were also quite a few other people voting China, but I was actually the original person voting China
Now let's tackle the big one which is literally in Nigeria's Backyard. Japan this will take forever but this will be the biggest victory for the site after the United States being reclaimed.
It might be me or some random youtuber that blows up in the future
Otherwise you will be running as an Indepedent next month
Well Daniel, all i care about is the fact that I'm doing well right now. I don't care about what happens in the future, just as long as I can continue the way I have been and not screw around like before. Im really happy at the state that I am at right now and the fact that PH is doing super well lately. Whats most important is that we are all doing well. I think the Combo is by far the best Utonish project to date. Sure its not perfect but definitely outplays its predecessors like Chat Vote and Idle Chat Vote. Thank you guys so much for the overwhelming love and kindness lately and hopefully with what Daniel says, we continue to be this way for the days, weeks, and months to come!
Also Nigeria will pass India soon and another African country will be number 1
Singαpore only hαd 9B points bαck then! Now they hαve αlmost 3T points!
Let me pass Singapore first and then I’ll support you
Hey Daniel, I’m so sorry for what has happened today. I have once again lost 2 of my combos. So I will be bringing them to 10,000 within the next 14 days and come back on the 30th. In exchange I will be excluding Philippines from the Reports until I come back. Once again I’m so sorry.
I think I need to spend more time transferring other accounts rather than the same one over and over again
ISSEI is also expected to pass Aaj Tak to enter the Top 50 soon making them the first Japanese Channel to be in the Top 50 most viewed channels.
You know, the unofficial NIFA but it’s runned by NIFA
You’re not all that great yourself. Let’s just see how long you last as a leader. Maybe forever, maybe not forever. Whatever you do today will determine the future.
Outside life hasn’t been looking so good for me. Teacher strike is entering its third day and it’s like my whole world has hit pause. Ever since the bike accident I had two weeks ago, it feels like I activated something within me that continues to wreck havoc on the outside. Whatever this is, I cannot stop it and it’s only gonna be downhill for me until school starts up again.
Also fun fact: the YouTuber Subscriber count is the only Utonish live stream that uses the original music!
But you had to use it the wrong way and become this
Yay so the Philippines could PoTenTiaLly be in the Attention list!
You keep telling me you are content so just be content with yourself and stop transferring
In fact let me update it real quick to this weeks data
*The alliance the unfortunately got itself into a horrible reputation*
You either remove them or it will be another foul stain on the combo forever
Yeah I agree with that. However you can always make your impact whenever you want
*Goodbye AIFA, We will miss you for all good things you’ve done, but we won’t forgive you for all the bad things you’ve done*
https://tenor.com/view/spongebob-rainbow-gif-annoying-annoying-gif-17350998795980443368
But if PAP keeps voting China than it will take 6 more months on top of that to get 400k
Alright tomorrow we will get India above 1M likes next
Ah I see, be careful because Utonish can ban them at anytime
If somehow one baby was born at exactly 12 AM, then that Gen Beta will be the luckiest one alive
Unlike me, PAP is scared to experience criticism against their operations
Since he’s writing a long ass essay about my technique probably
Today, Sakartvelo aka Georgia the country has become an observer state to NIFA
And they will be responsible for the actions on the Combo
Fuck her, she a selfish motherfucker who only cares about themselves and voting Taiwan.
Let’s not forget, Barbados has entered the Top 60 for the first time since mid 2022
This might be the last week before the new live stream but Singapore has gained 40k votes once again this week!
Well the gap between Indonesia is 1.3T so you don’t got much longer left Bayu
If so, you can just set the votes and it will automatically update the points
Damn you might even be able to pass Vietnam less than in 60 clicks👌
Ugh whatever I might of just ruined my night over a stupid idea
He just wants his shit the way he wants, and he lets nothing ruin it
And remember all while doing that, you need to avoid all of the previous threats we have mentioned for example EU and AIFA since they migrated to Alpha Centari
Brazil has stopped voting meanwhile Canada is only using one voter
@Utonipsa I just wanna say, I’m very proud of you and Matix for all the hard work as of late. You definitely deserve third place for real. Good luck to yall on your conquest of Malaysia.
Also I forgot to mention but which ever country gets the highest weekly streak by August will get a Fame Medal which will increase the countries points by 40 points, basically just worth two monthly gold medals.
https://tenor.com/view/gold-star-succession-gif-27712928
So sometimes they do pay attention to the chat but not all the time
Wait a second this is data from 12 hours ago, damnit
RO: We’ve been in this loop for so long that I’ve been developing dementia
So I kinda had to make him realize who he was going up against
By then I would be a old ass man staring at the television witnessing that
Yeah like doing something that’s not your effort doesn’t feel right
And carrying the bags up the mountains when I finish up Nigeria
Oh yeah speaking of Economy, like technology it sucks
And if he remakes the idle vote, then well people are gonna VPN so it’s like what can he not  do to make people cheat
IdleVote I can easily manage but I just don’t have time to do
I don't know how to fix it, so the only thing you should do is avoid it by deleting the channel on the brand account your transferring to first before transferring so that way YouTube doesn't bug out again
Oh wait I could try that but I would need the program to run faster than a second lol
@OFN Aficana @OFN Americana @OFN Asiana @OFN Europa @OFN Oceania  Here is the goals spreadsheet: Feel free to add your goals you are willing to complete by January: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1CveuVT4k4SUSgYdHWW9m6eGlBhvPQ3jCO8IEDyc60NI/edit?usp=sharing
Nigeria along with the DR Congo are the next projected nations to pass Greece unless Greece speeds up again in the future!
For me though I might start a report of my own that will track the amount of times a country can get into Utonish’s recap every week. So if a country say Singapore can get #1 then they will get 1 Golden Trophy which in my recap will worth 10 points. 2nd gets silver which is 5 and bronze is 3 and everyone else in the top 10 of Utonish’s recap gets 2 points and Top 20 gets 1 point. There will be a monthly recap too but the points are 10x higher and potentially a yearly recap if the voting games continue.
So therefore I consider the combo dead now that people have found their place in the Meta of the combo
In that universe, I imagine Oficani and Marta still voting Russia so that makes sense
Ok fine here’s what I propose: I will let the dark ages commence but under the supervision of Daniel and he will look over what I do. And if he thinks it’s unfair I will stop
He’s always a jealous bitch like I am. I cannot wait to see his reaction though!
OPERATIONS ON IRAQ, SRI LANKA AND ETHIOPIA HAVE BEGUB
Boy, move aside please, because a consolidated Green wave will easy beat you
I think wait a little bit for it to get through, if it doesn’t go through then yeah I think Utonish might be blocking you
One day the chat vote will come to an end but on that final day, the community shall be on top
Nah like other channels which post this style of content
Since userdev aka NBA has gained quite a bit on the Philippines too and that needs to be respected
If Utonish doesn’t post one well than it doesn’t matter
Made it was Marta aka the Werty guy, since he doesn’t talk much here
And in the event of somebody copying what I did in the first idle vote, I will create a new alliance which will fight against them
https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_kB2ySU9ck8GwLNMms-J4ciG3dKlF-zU-U&si=EqIjJCRIXOGZkND5
RO: It’s repurposed for the WAC before it disbanded
@Halau Ok when im gone, I want you to keep an eye on Israel, if they gain a ton of dislikes, you fight back against them. In exchange ill give Andorra 20k extra likes by the end of this week
They could potentially complete Boston’s awaited dreams
Just flick some setting on or something and that should fix it
Danto and a much of other people like Global Sentinal are ruling the Tibet convention
So we have to take account how many accounts we need too
*"When you tried your best, but you don't succeed,\nWhen you get what you want, but not what you need,\nWhen you feel so tired, but you can't sleep,\nStuck in reverse"*\nThis may of not been a win this week, but next week will be.
No I mean the video on the Utonish Archive YouTuve channel
What’s y’alls opinion on this map of Mainland France I made?
OFN Roles:\n🟥 = OFN Americana\n🟦 = OFN Asiana\n🟨 = OFN Europa\n🟩 = OFN Africana\n🟪 = OFN Oceania
No were not doing that because it takes too much time and its probably gonna do nothing to solve it
ALL WHILE AVOIDING THE THREATS OF THE PREVIOUS TRIALS
So I guess good luck disliking India until AIFA finalizes the protection plan on all sections
Actually Vietnam is apart of NIFA’s Base TERRA Draft 1 initiative
Yeah even higher than most nations on the country section
Utonish: And as I said, its democracy and it was what everyone wanted
Like I said, they probably just act like normal channels and will get shadowed after 800
I would assume maybe Botswana or Germany since Karotten and DTM were the first to see this
Maybe one day you’ll see in this Discord server more about it
However Israel which used to be behind them is now 26th😭
Botswana has officially fallen below 100k for the first time in history
If all the dislikes came from you, AIFA won’t intervene
This one is by far the most fair Recap Leaderboard ive ever seen
Well will see in 2 years how the Chat vote turns out
@Utonish \n# THIS IS A SERIOUS MATTER YOU NEED TO SHUTDOWN VOTING RIGHT NOW
In the meantime I better go to bed because I got Church to go to later
# Screw GCAT. Screw everyone in it.\nI will gladly accept the punishment for what I did. I will never return to GCAT. Welcome to the Cyberpunk Era. The community will only fracture from here. You may not notice it but this community will die.\n@Nova 2016 2018 @Karotten @Utonipsa @DTM
Alright relating to the idle vote recap, there will be no recap streaks until next week. This recap will be based off recent captures of the idle vote until now, so expect to see a few errors but this will be the first idle vote recap ever.
Nigeria is soon to become the third most disliked country on the whole idle vote behind Israel and Japan
Nigeria was rapidly growing and had recently passed 500k likes
Ethiopia becomes a NIFA observer state, South Africa and Namibia become ACS members
Kiribati is expected to become the highest point country in Oceania soon!
And now we’re here with all this Nigeria vs Singapore stuff so
I think like the idlechatvote, Utonish would start it in February on a saturday
So they didn’t want to pass Türkiye but Singapore did so eventually Singapore would catch up to Algeria and pass them and soon wanted to rival Türkiye
Once the Red Wave is fully gone, NIFA will officially sign into law the Anti-Red-Wave Doctrine which will prevent another major Red Wave from starting up again.\n1. If you don’t like a country: You like the other countries around it or you don’t like that country.\n2. Any sort of major Dislike offense on any country will be instantly countered.\n3. If a nation does turn red in the future: Our Red Wave Protocol will be activated to contain the threat.
Alr EVERYONE, IRAQ WILL BE CLOSED DOWN TO THE PUBLIC UNTIL AIFA FULLY RESTORES IRAQ
Ok im gonna lock in for real on this Base TERRA shit
Bro Russia be like: Passed 100+ countries growth today
I managed to get Algeria to pass the US for a short while but they fell due to me being inactive
The only concern I have is I just need to continue to vote even if it means the red wave is here. The less time I spend on voting the faster I can get my goals complete. Because in the end I can imagine the whole ComboVote will fall to the red wave once I finish my voting there
He just wanted to hide the fact he was “voting” on the live streams
Venezuela passed Bangladesh! F for Sonar /Sahanaj in the chat guys
So I recommend don't make up as much on Sunday but still at least make up 2 periods
Is to take out the Karotten Administration in Europe and hopefully liberate the rest of Asia
Yeah that’s what she said that was the final straw for me
Brazil and Peru: If you add us to that AIFA thingy, will easy pass Japan in growth
Let’s go! And I might make an projection/prediction for the idle chat vote if that happens lol
My opinion about Israel has improved but I still think that Nethenyahu could of done a better job about the war
I have passed my second most voted project on the ChatVoteCombo after the Philippines
It’s probably the same people who mass disliked Israel
@Halau You sure you want to continue the US 50 States Recap Sheet thingy
Additionally, I will temporarily be halting my Philippines operation until I get unshadowbanned in two weeks. And I will only focus on Vietnam and Philippines only since Caucasian has a couple of good points.
Utonish: Now I have reached 10k subs, how is this even possible.
AIFA WILL BE SHUTTING DOWN ALL OPERATIONS AND FOCUSING ON ISRAEL FOR THE MEANTIME
Plus their name “People’s Action Party of Singapore” is literally like if they are from Singapore which is considered one of the richest nations in the world like the US
*The question that everyone is wondering, is how really did they become the best nation*
Because recently after I stopped supporting Antarctica they exploded in likes meanwhile Israel has stagnated in dislikes
And of course it takes longer to get votes than on the chat vote
But in terms of the amount of time you would have to wait, it’s just not worth it
Even though I hate Nigeria now, Ill still support them in IdleVote circumstances
UAE is actively supporting the RSF which has strained my opinions on them too
And yes Singapore is by far the highest city in the world for most amount of chat vote points
Also @Nova 2016 2018 relating to the whole Workspace thingy, if I can get the whole Combo stuff to work, I will be making a GCAT Workspace where you guys can easily access your own GCAT account with a massive combo on it to be ready to use and that will replace the Global Combo.
I have given you many opportunities but you lost interest in every single one of them
Stage 9 will be getting remaining countries above 50k growth
And will see the state of the ComboVote in one week
Well no matter what that’s still a Stage 4 even if the person is there lol
I also like Physics, Computer Science and Pre-Calculus
NOW STOP TRYING TO SOFT TALK ME BECAUSE IT AINT GONNA WORK
Ladies and Gentlemen here’s our first Idle Vote Recap
So no one like Karotten gains an advantage like that
Then why did you say you wanted to on the form lmao
Something that I thought would be impossible to do when I voted them
Well based on my experience I think the Combo has been fair although like you said I think the people who start early get the advantage
You don’t need to worry about doing the combo report today
I didn't warned you the first time, but since you did it twice, you are now here
The Falkland trilogy ain't complete without adding the idle vote to the mix
I feel bad for your cat, but hope she rests in peace
Or, try to pass my patience level on the chat vote?
We gotta kick Indonesia and Tokelau out because they are cheaters
@DTM AIFA taxes are coming back again, time to pay soon
Oh yeah and btw the leader of the Tibet Convention is Sonar and VietnamBall which were the leaders of the previous SARC and ASEAN countries
That was PAP’s first major defeat since their war with Türkiye
And you will be remembered, for being the shortest lived Combo of mine
I mean his GDP live steams averages around 20 viewers which is far better than any of the other stat live streams
This means that the Falkland Islands are about growing half the speed of Singapore
I don’t want to think twice about this yet, because I’m just gonna enjoy this boost in motivation while it lasts
Bruh all because Karavase is scared of my alt account, like cmon man
Hey guys make sure to join FAME to participate in the Discord Vote Country! Link is above!
Nepal used to be in the top 60 but has dropped out of it
@GCAT Citizen Introducing the brand new ChatVote-Country Vote Growth History Since 2023 Visualization! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24524246/
Lmao that’s not even me, that my colleague @userdev_
I’m sorry if I made it seem like I was the red wave there.
It’s another big blow to PAP’s reputation to them being the ruling party
76th for Russia and 82nd for Georgia if were placed on the country section
Remember the war Nigeria and Vietnam had on the ChatVoteCombo
You can start the first half and I’ll come in later with the second half
Your ultimate goal was to have the fastest growing item right?
Or it could be Singapore because they would eventually come back
Wtf why are you even deleting your server @karavase
@Utonish You should add a new feature to the combo which shows who has the highest combo!
Me getting someone mad when I didn’t even do anything to them:
Yes for investigation reasons and we created an infinite loop
Btw yes to those who are new here, I did at one point vote Singapore a long time ago before PAP ruined it
iOS 18.4 just got released today so you can update to that now if your phone is supported
Yeah you should leave him alone then @Caucasian Mapper
Pro CEC because in the alternative universe it’s in OFN Europa
For now although it will be a good idea for the future
Ok enough rambling about Nova because I don’t care about him anymore. He’s horrible and god will punish him for his wrong doing.
So if you plan to dislike a country in the future, let me know and I will leave that country alone
Begin voting them and I tell you about my voting method
Tf man, I remember when you said that back in 2022 and I was like, AWW HELL YEAH IM FUCKING UTONISH ALRIGHT
Where AIFA creates an equilibrium on the whole country section
I have important news! I have caught live Israel and Nigeria both gaining Dislikes which confirms my suspicions that indeed Antarctica is behind these attacks
Well if you ever interested in seeing what each countries votes used to be, let me know, I can help you with setting the votes back to its original values
This was before Nigeria and NIFA was around and before the Red Wave attacked.
@Caucasian Mapper Didn’t you say you were going to make your own alternative future of the world scenario?
But I guess hating on someone does count as offensive activity
Its weird how we can forget that we are just ordinary people instead of just some random person on the internet
Huh feels weird that drama is happening when I’m not here💀
*There were many nations that suddenly rose due to to Roubaix2's influence, but nothing was as big as Cyprus, they wanted Turkey to be passed*
It looks like random gibberish on the first image, but with a bit of formatting, you can make it into this:
NIFA: Because there are many universes like us who are probably legit and heres the idle chat vote trying to ruin that aspect and become dominant over the other
The only nation that plagues us still is Israel. The final boss of the whole Red Wave.
Your the only one and Romanian Countryball here too
This is where I met an old friend who used to vote North Macedonia and we quickly formed an alliance together and we were considered the fastest growing nations at that time with Portugal who was voted by a familiar face, AndreGNS who also went on vote Ukraine and Angola on the idle chat vote.
Obviously if I was I would be like SUUUUUIIIIIIIIII
All the servers and IPs I have combined will give a daily growth of that
4/8 - NIFA begins the process of repairing Lagos after the recent earthquake
My current combo: 303\nMy highest combo: 2,100-2,300\n\nMy hopes is that I can beat that soon and go beyond!
Let’s finish up this project and move on to the next one soon
During 2024 he was considered the 2nd most powerful voter after me fun fact. Me and him had a bit of a rivalry and alliance back in the old days.
Maybe after awhile it will fix because Utonish likes to do that to you when you alt but after a certain amount of time not using it, it should maybe go away. If not let me know
But when you use a VPN that just resets to 0 until you turn off the VPN
Because we’ll Nigeria passed them and @Denis is too busy with his job and his work outs, so he’s not pushing Romania as much anymore
Alright I’ll refer you to @Halau since he’s a chat vote expert
And they are the 10th country on the idle vote to do so!
The cracks are beginning to show within AIFA as the Southern States in Africa begin to show disinterest in the war efforts against the Red Wave
2020 was the worst year in my entire life\n2021 was the second worst
How’s thy business going for you? Wanna help out give freedom to our beloved Georgians?
Bro this war is the biggest Speed vs KSI boxing match reference lol
Vietnam and AU are the only major voting powers as of now
But what’s actually important is life so I will focus on that as well
In fact they are 5th I believe if you watch Utonish’s other live streams
Bruh the Top 6 other than Marshall Islands looks oddly familiar…
So with that being said, don’t define the country over what the bad people do and instead look at what the good people do and stop relying on a selective expectation to make a solid opinion on those countries, because in the end they are good and bad, but that’s no reason to define your opinions on that.
So tell me @Caucasian are you gonna change for the better, or are you gonna continue with the way you are?
You both have to chat together for me to be convinced
And not make a fuss over it because of some dumb set back
However I notice that we have managed to push back the Red Wave to Top 50 which is good for now
# LOCAL POWERS (>1%)\n14. 🇳🇬 *Nigeria* \n***55,002** `= 0`*\n-# **1.347%** `- 0.011%`\n15. 🇰🇷 *South Korea* \n***51,868** `+ 208`*\n-# **1.270%** `- 0.005%`\n16. 🇮🇱 *Israel*\n***51,482** `+ 845`*\n-# **1.260%** `+ 0.010%`\n17. 🇦🇷 *Argentina* \n***48,200** `+ 156`*\n-# **1.180%** `- 0.006%`\n18. 🇬🇺 *Guam* \n***46,811** `= 0`*\n-# **1.146%** `- 0.010%`\n19. 🔼(+1)🇧🇾 *Belarus* \n***45,712** `+ 75`*\n-# **1.119%** `- 0.007%`\n20. 🔽(-1)🇾🇪 *Yemen* \n***45,296** `= 0`*\n-# **1.109%** `- 0.009%`\n21. 🇭🇰 *Hong Kong* \n***45,103** `+ 160`*\n-# **1.104%** `- 0.005%`\n22. 🇰🇿 *Kazakhstan* \n***44,235** `+ 508`*\n-# **1.083%** `+ 0.004%`\n\n# RISING POWERS (>0.75%)\n23. 🇵🇱 *Poland* `Out of Local Powers`\n***40,290** `+ 1`*\n-# **0.986%** `- 0.008%`\n24. 🇺🇦 *Ukraine* `Out of Local Powers`\n***40,240** `+ 39`*\n-# **0.985%** `- 0.007%`\n25. 🇯🇵 *Japan* \n***37,833** `+ 151`*\n-# **0.926% **`- 0.004%`\n26. 🇳🇷 *Nauru* \n***35,033** `+ 12`*\n-# **0.858%** `- 0.007%`\n27. 🇺🇸 *United States* \n***34,320** `+ 353`*\n-# **0.840%** `+ 0.002%`\n28. 🇮🇳 *India* \n***33,040** `+ 228`*\n-# **0.809%** `- 0.001%`\n\n# PRETENDERS TO BE THE POWER (TOP 5)\n29. 🇷🇸 *Serbia*\n***30,007** `+ 40`*\n-# **0.735%** `- 0.005%`\n30. 🇳🇱 *Netherlands* \n***29,515** `+ 150`*\n-# **0.723%** `- 0.002%`\n31. 🇨🇳 *China* \n***29,491** `+ 351`*\n-# **0.722%** `+ 0.003%`\n32. 🇵🇰*Pakistan*🥈\n***28,702**`+ 1,581`*\n-# **0.703%** `+ 0.033%`\n33. 🇭🇷 *Croatia*\n***25,357** `+ 454`*\n-# **0.621%** `+ 0.006%`
Well I assume Utonish looked at the XP leaderboard and saw all of your alts along with anyone else’s
I may not post the rest of the favorite countries report this week, I’m really not feeling well today
Why chat when you could literally do that with legitimate voting
Y’all are so happy, meanwhile I’m struggling to find mine
@[VOX] Txenteam1986 are you the one that votes Spain on the idle vote daily?
Ru-ni I don’t know why I feel so stressed out right now
Your computer would probably crash before you can even load 100 tabs
AE: Ok well based on the 2027 timeline, they aren’t aggressive. Although is could a paradox because in this timeline we sent aliens there and now they rule Atlantis
I’ve already began my school routine. I have reduced the growth of the Top 10 only to 1k a day. And I have reduced my operations by half.
@Utonish Please fix this glitch, every time I vote the votes count but doesn’t get added to the country. I don’t mean to cause any trouble or chaos on the chat vote. If you can fix it, thank you!
I imagine words like critical or positive or negative, but “CRITIQUE” OR “CONFLATE”
So be ware I may not be capable of making one yet but when I have proper knowledge of whatever I’m doing I will be able to make a universal voting platform that will succeed Utonish all together.
Japan has surpassed Cocos Islands and has a placement of 209
@Karotten and maybe some others would be the Developers for this
And this has allowed for Chispa and Bilip to gain insane amounts of votes in a day meanwhile no one else has been able to
Japan might become the first nation in Idle Vote history to pass 2M likes
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 Looks like people are disliking Vietnam and Russia. Because of that China is now 5th again
@Nova 2016 2018 Can you please clarify to us on how your gonna run elections
Since i used to have an autoclicker empire just for the idle vote
I would gladly like to see his crash outs but not if it’s just going to be for attention
It’s gonna be a slow one but I will bring Vietnam to #1 “legitimately” this time
But I’m willing to work with you in making the Idle Chat Vote better somehow
And then the Idleidlecryptocurrencycombocountry in 2030
It has come to my attention that a new battle is brewing between the chat vote and idle chat vote on who can get the most amount of points! This will become the biggest battle since Singapore vs Indonesia and will dramatically shift the balance of power in the Utonish universe!
The population of the Falkland Islands is like less than 100k
2/23 - Remember Southern Africa and how they betrayed Africa as a whole before WW3?
Damn nice catch Daniel, I couldn’t even tell it was even Afghanistan☠️
Your mad at me again because I said I would support Armenia?
@Caucasian Mapper @Karotten and @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 Please state your admin plans in #🚨◄𝖦𝖢𝖠𝖳◍𝖭𝖾𝗐𝗌►🚨 and be sure to actively update GCAT and promote the server to others so that way we will have more activity here and more people to interact with!
Yup you hate Nigeria too? I guess we can agree on something now
Yeah quite interesting how they managed to keep 2 bots active at once without Utonish doing anything about it
Actually I’m really busy fighting off the Indonesians
AE: No scouting missions yet, we’re just trying to figure out how Atlantis looks like.
Yeah of course he has the money to make so many vids
Remember I'm the only remaining bastion left that can save the site
Well here in the Bay Area, there are a ton of transit agencies that control certain areas of the transit system and because of that it’s hard to really do anything to expand the network outwards however my friend has done a couple of proposals which as since changed the network a little bit but he plans to do more.
Dude imagine Türkiye lost their combo one vote before 100k lol
And getting rid of most of AIFA’s dominance on growth
I hope to get Nigeria to 10T before the controversies get any worse because the more I stall the bigger the controversies get and the more likely I will just give up. I’m sorry for everything that has happened in this past week, I just hope that after this operation is finished I can finally bring my generosity to y’all as well. It will be a slow process but y’all will eventually see the true mission on the chat vote! God bless y’all and stay safe out there✝️
But this loop will not get in the way of what I want to do
A new weekly record for not only Nigeria but a new weekly record for the chat vote as a whole
Singapore is having quite the slow start of a day, although Singapore is still getting close to that 40k votes mark
Also @Halau the French are very close to passing Saint Barthélemy
So idk wtf Utonish did but he might of secretly changed the reset duration
Because the CCP is trying to tighten their control over Hong Kong, and enforce Chinese law in Hong Kong, rather than the previous Hong Kong law since Hong Kong is more open to the world than all of China is, and China is worried that this could be a threat to their stability and could lead to more regions doing the same in the future, and China doesn’t want that. They want a whole nation which the CCP has control of, one people, one identity.
RO: We could possibly prevent to Red Wave from ever happening
Weekly Idle Chat Vote by Utonish! https://youtube.com/shorts/FKxE9MNKe3E?si=gQOmLPmwmF1BoTTa
So basically I’m just reintroducing my shorts formula again from last year but making it simpler
But to really make it happen, we need to make everything before that happen
Since of course you own everything here it’s easier for you
I am now in the process of creating the next recap for the Chat Vote and Idle Chat Vote! I will officially release them on December 31st at 5 PM UTC on my YouTube channel! Stay tuned everyone!
I can agree with that. The Unknowns are mostly gone now ever since I started liking Vietnam again. It’s like they gave up once they saw items going above 100M points and their attacks being countered every single day. I’m proud of yall for being able to put them down when I couldn’t.
@Utonish I ask seriously to ban Team RECOVERY and FNO is REAL OVERWEENING BOT voting SG! Who vote ID in the chat vote country forever because it is using bot sub-account, and judge my name
Well the full name is now Organization of the Free Nations of Utonishia to represent all of the Utonish universe now
Even if it’s decreasing doesn’t mean I hate them. It just means I’m losing interest with them. However good job to Pakistan I guess
Finally at last a Utonish recap where Singapore isn’t first
That was a close one between Indonesia and Greece this week!
Finally once this chaos ends I’ll probably begin my Neo-NIFA plans on the idle chat vote
Yeah although idc about how much you focus on a single country
You will be missed North Macedonia but Falklands rules!
But that is the speed limit if you are using only one account at a time and you cannot go above that
I’m actually sick and disgusted at how much Bilip has managed to grow his combo to 530K when it should be at 270K or something like that
But that is just worse case scenario since people like you will probably lose a couple combos
I’m not saying you support them, you want to create your own empire and rival AIFA that way
Bro someone with an already big combo is voting random countries💀
Representative of Boston10xx : You did the very same thing to the US, that’s a nice trick. I love that idea!
@Caucasian Mapper What do you want me to do about it then?
I don't know what I could do now, Utonish has done everything for us since the inception of Utonish, and we take advantage over it and cause mayham on everything he makes. I for my part have done it, in the name of passing Singapore and getting rid of them, but now comes a time where "Well where do we go from here?" I mean just look at the Top 3, nobody can seriously beat Indonesia, Sinagpore and Nigeria on their own unless they took the selfish actions that I did. Its just impossible. The only one thing I want Utonish to do now, is to reset the chat vote or something. One day the chat vote is gonna be completely unplayable and I mean it already kind of is. It may seem sad to get rid of all the memories that we once had years ago, but its the only thing to do at this point even if it means losing the core memories we always cherish when were on the chat vote. It had that sense of hope when I first saw Nigeria first but now its just pointless, like another age of uncertainty. So please Utonish, consider our words, consider the community that has backed you since day 1, and reset the chat vote. You don't have to do it now, its all up to you when you want to do it.
They used to dominate the past but you have convinced me well enough that they aren’t old generation
Fuck man I hate the AI System in place here in the US
Niger has passed Morocco! However as Morocco and Niger are fast growing countries in Africa, expect these two to rise a bunch on the chat vote soon!
How tf do yall have so much time for this I don’t understand.
I’m gonna rearrange the server since FAME is shutting down
@Nova 2016 2018 Can you time him out for like a couple hours since he’s mad at something and I don’t want to cause another argument here.
Sounds like a good idea however then there’s negative points countries, I think you should display likes and dislikes again
Well I mean they are but the story pretty much ended when Nigeria rose to power
But I wouldn’t recommend trying to add all the numbers and text using the video creator because that’s just straight up painful so instead just do it using ibis before you edit it
I predict Singapore and Canada will eventually fall out of the Top 20 in the near future
Weekly Chat Vote Combo Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/BQL9qhfZCOI?si=AqNC0EM61YragOa-
Congratulations @karavase you have done something that nobody else could do
This is for you @DTM, your legacy has come this far
I ask seriously to ban everyone besides Singapore because they are jotting and sub accounting and judge speeding and entering chatting and spam entering chatting.. not like I’m doing any of that… and it’s not like your gonna notice the similarities between our messages
And that’s not it, DTM and Karotten had a big role too, in fact they are the reason that the community even started. They gave a reason for the community to exist back in the early ages. They sent the first messages on the Discord Server and they were the very first ones to join and have full fledged conversations. Without them, I probably would have left and many of yall would have done the same. Without DTM or Karotten, the community wouldn’t have been where it is now. They made the community a place to live in and continue to throughout all of the eras. And because of you guys, we are thankful for your guys heavy involvement in the early years of the community, and without you guys, we wouldn’t be where we are now.
That usually happens because the site updates automatically, but the next update it will add your vote
I had to face thousands of dislikes in my war of liberation
1/1 - Aliens launch lasers at Earth destroying everything in its sight thus ending WW3
I randomly just had a thought about NIFA coming back and now it has become the greatest thing the Idle vote has ever seen.
NIGERIA NOW HAS THE BEST WEEKLY RECORD IN THE UTONISH HISTORY!🔥🔥🔥53K IN ONE WEEK
# TRIPLE ALLIANCE\n🇹🇷Türkiye, 🇷🇺Russia, and 🇵🇭Philippines\nThe Three Fastest Growing Countries on the Combo unite and support each other!
And if Utonish catches you, he will ban your accounts
I just wanted to say that if you see me vote the Philippines that be careful when you come in because you can possibly get my account banned since Utonish doesn’t like when more than one person votes a certain country at the same time. However let me know if you desperately need to vote the Philippines and I’ll stop my voting
The only official taxes there are is in @Benyi Pratam’s Ass
The more they ban my accounts the more mad im gonna get at them
You made the framework for the alliance to even succeed but in the end I started it when I was on the Combo and then brought it to the chat vote
The Unknowns thought they can destroy a country but in the end it only added to the country’s total points
We have come this far. The first time NIFA was formed all the way back in March 2023, the whole bottom was red. But today we stand together and now the bottom is fully green just like us.
It’s possible to get negative points on the Idle Vote due to dislikes being a thing meanwhile on the live streams that’s not possible which is why some countries are negative
A F I A  I S  T H E  **EVIL**  V E R S I O N  O F  A I F A
Then don’t, just like me. I have the ComboVote and that’s all I care about. I don’t need anymore time wasted on another project of Utonish’s
Oh well I’m beating up his antarctican penguin ass anyway
And then when I saw Malaysia passing Vietnam and managed to get second place, I was like: Wtf??
Both members are related to NIFA however they now share a bond together and only them only
So let’s say that Kenya won the elections. Then they would become NIFA’s priority member/leader and they would replace Nigeria to become the fastest growing in the alliance.
My bad bro. You see that’s what the loop does to you, it makes you forget things like that
Also @Halau I think you should vote Saint Barthélemy before they fall out of the Top 20
Yes you should, because that would be realistic right?
I think you have the third or fourth largest empire
It might be hard to program so I understand that you may not like the idea
Or rather the Christian National Movement of the Global Community of All Topics
So now we’re using Singapore to dethrone them from 1st
So if you ever see GCAT or Philippians later today, I will be there
If anything your right, I should have had this name to begin with. I just had to go with the dumbest name “PoTenTiaL” just to take over Utonish’s live streams for a year or two only to get exposed the year after, and at that point, what even is the point of keeping PoTenTiaL when it was a name that 6 year old me made when I looked into Basic Physics. So with this change I finally feel free from the shackles of the past and now I have my ability to look to future of opportunity and future of hope.
Utonish: Japan has reached 1,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000
Well just make sure you don’t cause a whole server wide argument about it next time Karotten
Before people like Boston would come and bot Canada to 1st
And as far as I know, only me, Daniel, Bilip, NBA, and Chispa + Matixx knows about it
But since the Points Value and Votes placements match, I have combined them together to make what you see
And that’s the point of the OFN. We discuss about “present day” matters and we work to ensure the integrity of the Utonish universe from any bad things. And work for a better future of said universe
Also you should probably list other users who voted the same country
Yeah but what im saying is how would he make it appealing to voters because you don't wanna see a huge list of random shit
Hello guys, I think it’s time to acknowledge the things that has happened 1 month ago that has since been forgotten. So I have read through the history and it seems that I have done tons of bad things which happened to correlate to bad things happening on the ComboVote like the red wave(unknowns) attacks and such. I want to apologize for handling the situation poorly and creating a false narrative that I was the red wave(Unknowns) and was behind the fall of Vietnam, Germany and other countries. And then going on to ban everyone from GCAT to express my outrage over the red wave(unknowns) situation. I should been better at managing my anger and frustration and I should just let it happen rather than wrecking havoc on everything and being seen as an enemy to community. I’m sorry @iu mãi VN-A615 for making you uncomfortable and having to deal with my own actions and the consequences that came with it. I’m sorry @Nova 2016 2018 for being such a terrible moderator and member of GCAT in times of crisis on the ComboVote. Im sorry @Karotten and @Bosmium for being such a bad friend to you guys and, again making up this false narrative that I was the red wave, and then making you guys upset to the point of disliking Vietnam. I’m sorry to everyone for even thinking the way I did during those days. I feel bad for banishing and leaving GCAT behind like that. They needed me and I just pushed them away from me. And then going on to lose the war against the Unknowns. I was at a really bad spot because of my actions, but in the end, I deserved it. I tried to redeem myself with helping the Top 1 and 250 and that failed too. I was desperate for redemption from the all the bad things that happened on the ComboVote.
If there is a true red wave in this universe, it was me. The red wave were the survivors of those who wanted to preserve the right for criticism and went on a campaign to restore that when I was gone. I only thought of one thing, which was eternal growth and prosperity, but behind that came at the cost of ruining the key fundamental principle of democracy. And it goes further. The true red wave was PAP, the one who sought total control of the Utonish Universe along with the Idle Vote(although not noticeable) but AIFA and PAP have always been one entity. It’s all united together. Singapore, Nigeria and everything that was cheated upon. Behind closed doors it was all one force with the ultimate goal of achieving total control. And in the end it failed because no one was willing to accept that. And in the end it has proven to be fatal. With the final bastion of cheating(the combo) destroyed, the Utonish community can now live another day, one of which clouds don’t float above, rain that hinders everything, a day in which the sun shines high, hopes high for a bright future. \n\nWelcome to 2026. The Age of Redemption(Not for me, but for the community)
Because of course we cannot have a permanent one man ruler all the time
Currently The Netherlands, US and South Korea are the fastest growing nations besides Singapore
@News Ping\n# Top News Headlines from around the World\n-# 7.21.25, Monday\n\n1. [Dhaka crash: 'My friend died right in front of me' - Year 10 pupil](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/cglzw8y5wy5o.amp&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwib4s7Snc-OAxWqJ0QIHVtNKaAQyM8BKAB6BAgGEAE&usg=AOvVaw0gohGQWtm74J-KcX2zfhOQ)\n\n2. [Israel sends tanks into Gaza's Deir al-Balah](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.reuters.com/world/middle-east/israel-sends-tanks-into-gazas-deir-al-balah-hostage-families-concerned-2025-07-21/&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwib4s7Snc-OAxWqJ0QIHVtNKaAQxfQBKAB6BAgMEAE&usg=AOvVaw3e4j6eLxE8KfuyhFIa7WDY)\n\n- [U.K., Canada and 23 other countries slam Israel over Gaza, say war ‘must end now’](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/rcna220100&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwib4s7Snc-OAxWqJ0QIHVtNKaAQyM8BKAB6BAgJEAE&usg=AOvVaw3Acv-LiQmBpef_MVuszUHO)\n\n3. [Ukraine updates: Kyiv ramps up attacks on Moscow](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.dw.com/en/ukraine-updates-kyiv-ramps-up-attacks-on-moscow/live-73347740&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwib4s7Snc-OAxWqJ0QIHVtNKaAQxfQBKAB6BAgPEAE&usg=AOvVaw0KgL0xczd7TFSutONgjKx4)\n\n4. [Syria starts evacuating Bedouin families from Sweida in bid to restore calm](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.timesofisrael.com/syria-starts-evacuating-bedouin-families-from-sweida-in-bid-to-restore-calm/amp/&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwib4s7Snc-OAxWqJ0QIHVtNKaAQyM8BKAB6BAgKEAE&usg=AOvVaw0A6kSC1lgul1c2xE60363y)\n\n5. [Iran to Hold Nuclear Talks With France, Germany and U.K. After Sanctions Threat](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.nytimes.com/2025/07/21/world/middleeast/iran-nuclear-talks-europe.html&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwib4s7Snc-OAxWqJ0QIHVtNKaAQxfQBKAB6BAgLEAE&usg=AOvVaw3rVaF8WWOIICwkDHUV610J)
@Nova 2016 2018 I know that I am banished until October, but I am willing to return to GCAT in April without any issues and I promise you that you will not regret my choices ever again, for real this time. But I am willing to return whenever you feel like it. Again I think GCAT is forever your server and not mine. You deserve the position after all that has happened.
Utonish copyright: Don't worry because my countdown and count up videos are doing well
Apparently the number 1 faction is the most powerful and they are the ones responsible for disliking everything
@Nova 2016 2018 I don’t want to start anything against you ever again but if this is you, please stop renaming people without their consent, and if it’s not you, please find out who is doing this.
Antarctica and Benin are soon to have a growth war as Antarctica is currently catching up to Benin. If Antarctica wins, they will become the 6th highest behind Guinea
Also after WW3 against the aliens, the world would go through technological changes and advancements, however AIFA(If you remember) went through economic struggles and when you were gone, ended up collapsing and merging with a new big alliance known as the OFN(A merger between the past alliances the Asian Defense Pact and European Union) led by Karotten) and they became the most powerful global alliance.
Ima work on it soon since I literally just hopped on
I have also updated the colors to represent the regions
Cmon I know who Ronaldo and Messi are, I’m not some dumb American who watches every Packers game with @andorra voter (ad)
Hehehe at least I still have an advantage over them for now
Timeline since the start:\nEnd of 2019: Energy Orb explosion\n2020: Futuristic Age\n2021: Flooded Age\n2022: Overgrown Age\n2023: New World with a dirty secret\n2024: Fractured World(Present)\n2025: End of EONY Arc(Red or Blue)
So my predictions are coming true, but instead of the US its Georgia!
AND WHOEVER FUCKING COMPLAINS THAT MY ACTIONS ON THE PHILIPPINES ARE UNFAIR BETTER KILL THEMSELVES
This is a reminder to them, I will be by their side.
For me as you all already know, I’m Half Vietnamese, Quarter Irish and Quarter Nicaraguan
This plan, AIFA will begin operations to completely destroy the Red Wave and create a better environment for all people to vote on
WEEKLY TOP60 IDLECHATVOTE RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/srBOHtfhaGo?si=rhmqBpUjTboyzthC
Yep he came back with like 3 accounts and Israel gained like 7B in less than an hour, but he left after
Another way to put it is I started the Singapore movement when a guy was desperate to see glory and then PAP became the official leader when I wasn’t there and reliable and turned my movement into a complete joke. Now with my acquired knowledge of PAP, I start a counter movement against the very movement I created at the very start, and all of this started because I simply was lazy.
Ok but don’t hide your combo or any of the votes for the matter
Just copy the layer you want to copy with the selection you made and that’s it
# VIETNAM IS NOW IN THE TOP 60 MOST VOTED NATION ON THE CHATVOTECOMBO IF ADDED!
I can always make it happen, but in the same time I’m risking crucial time for other things
Heres a leaderboard of late 2031 in AIFA universe post WW4\n1: OFN - 139Q votes\n2: SARC - 120Q votes\n3: Southern Africa- 14Q votes
Also I forgot to mention but at the end of this month Botswana will join NIFA and when Botswana joins NIFA, NIFA will rapidly support Botswana to its original growth rate of 700k+ per second
Or just set it to 800 because your gonna get shadowbanned anyway
For me I like the Art and Culture and the diversity
Hãy tưởng tượng bạn phải đối mặt với rất nhiều rắc rối với cộng đồng. Sau đó, bạn lại phải tìm cách giải quyết chúng. Đó thực sự là một vấn đề rất khó khăn. Mất một thời gian nhưng cuối cùng tôi cũng tìm ra cách khắc phục. Tôi tin rằng bạn cũng có thể làm được điều đó.
And I’m never doing another war of liberation ever again
So if they dislike everything, so be it. It’s their opinion. So we should respect that
THEN TELL HIM TO RENAME HIS DAMN ACCOUNT BECAUSE I HATE SINGAPORE
Remember we have to follow the rules within the Utonish universe
This is excluding The Unknowns of course so this list would of been much different
Another hard level complete! This time much faster than Fingerdash
Bro my electricity bill is probably gonna go up 200% after this☠️
By then Nigeria would just be the country section proper
A teaser https://youtu.be/FHkQOMLxkh0?si=a-mg88qnFokEXTTi
If you vote Georgia more they would probably have a better projection
I predict that will happen soon when Kiribati, Morocco, and Dominican Republic pass them
Pleases guys we don't want Utonish to post a community post relating to that
I forgot the exact number of my combo but if there is one, there should be one with around 160-170K that is inactive in your database. If it’s possible can you move it to another channel of mine which I’ll show you later?
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTE COMBO RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/Gov4iJKPHEI?si=6ipIgHylzd_JXtO8
https://tenor.com/view/mod-abuse-sad-angry-cry-im-sorry-gif-16286115298641241614
Oh and if you’re wondering why the background color is different. Well we don’t want to completely match Utonish’s project as we of course want to have our own unique style that resembles GCAT rather than Utonish.
I think thats a good idea because there are better things to do you know
@Caucasian Sorry about the 17th placement this week
And with that, the adventure comes to an end. Stay tuned next week for another report
Weekly Chat Vote Recap by Utonish https://youtube.com/shorts/QcIY8paquBI?si=7MCaZfGPSlT03q2p
I’m currently using previously cursed accounts and they work now
Whoops apparently I made a mistake with capturing the file for one of the days, so I unfortunately had to combine that day with a another day, so if you see this while viewing the data then thats why
4/16 - NIFA finally realizes what’s happening with Canada and sanction them but don’t realize they are being supported by the ADP
Algeria was so close to becoming the first african nation to be first
They are like "We can confirm that it is in violation of our Terms of Service."
*At this point no one had been ahead of Reunion until now*
Actually I made a mistake, I didn’t see the ờ or á. So it means “Vietnam Shines Bright”
Btw Georgia(Sakartvelo) and Myanmar are the only nations in Asia to be apart of any NIFA structure
And I could just be going up against possibly the biggest botter in Chat Vote history
Dude its not that hard, just like Serbia a lot and thats it
Lmao I didn't specify the unit but this is in Fahrenheit if your wondering
It will really kick steam in 2026 and will be the last major movement of my time here
That I created accidentally for the sake of preserving “democracy” and it has since gotten worse.
# IF YOU GUYS WANT TO CRASHOUT DO IT SOMEWHERE ELSE PLEASE
It is possible though that they are working together but idk
Doesn’t matter, you were elected by us before all this drama began along with Daniel, so I will let you guys continue your role on the server
@Utonish Please listen to community and add back the original music, like idc if you like the new music better, maybe combine them both together if you can. I would really appreciate it
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I’ve never been this happy in years.
Even if it means causing more destruction along the way.
You think you can take advantage over a person in free fall
Also Falkland Islands might soon pass Réunion in points
It’s been waiting and brewing up ever since February
Ok that’s fine, if you want to fight them. Good luck. I will watch from here
Of course I’m not gonna be annoyed because the Top 1 and 2 are always gonna be my countries bruh
Surely it wouldn’t raise tensions against Turkiye right?
Yeah that’s why I didn’t address a potential new live stream yet. If it does end up happening, I will make an emergency update to the goals.
So here’s a new plan for the Top 20\n1. Romania\n2. Vietnam\n3. Canada\n4. Georgia\n5. Bosnia\n6. Israel\n7. United States\n8. Russia\n9. Germany\n10. Nigeria\n11. Niger\n12. Armenia\n13. Sweden\n14. Norway\n15. DR Congo\n16. Guinea\n17. Brazil\n18. Denmark\n19. Finland\n20. Greece\n21. Kiribati\n22. Czechia\n23. Spain\n24. Singapore\n25. Indonesia
And that would ruin my relationship with basically everyone here but mainly TW and Benyi
You just divided the country's poins by total excluding Singapore
The Americans gave up unfortunately due to the immense power of Bayu, the same thing Bayu showed to Vietnam
# REVIEW OF ALL MY  COMBOS\n\n1. 🇵🇭 ***Possibly the PoTenTiaL*** \n**10,321** `better progress`\n2. 🇵🇭 ***PoTenTiaL the Fabulous*** \n**10,308** `better progress`\n3. 🇵🇭 ***PoTenTiaL the Voter*** \n**9,313** `better progress`\n4. 🇵🇭 ***Always PoTenTiaL*** \n**9,208** `better progress`\n5. 🇵🇭 ***PoTenTiaL Energy*** \n**3,938** `better progress`\n6. 🇻🇳 ***PoTenTiaL the Vietnamese*** \n**2,724** `better progress`\n7. 🇺🇸 ***PoTenTiaL the American*** \n**2,701** `better progress`\n8. 🇬🇪 ***PoTenTiaL the Georgian*** \n**2,679** `better progress`\n9. 🇧🇷 ***PoTenTiaL the Brazilian*** \n**2,673** `better progress`\n10. 🇰🇷 ***PoTenTiaL the Korean*** \n**2,644** `better progress`\n11. 🇧🇩 ***PoTenTiaL the Bengali*** \n**2,635** `better progress`\n12. 🇵🇭 ***PoTenTiaL the Great*** \n**2,582** `better progress`\n13. 🇵🇭 ***PoTenTiaL the Great.*** \n**2,354** `better progress`\n14. 🇻🇪 ***PoTenTiaL the Venezuelan*** \n**1,654** `better progress`\n15. 🇪🇸 ***PoTenTiaL the Spaniard*** \n**1,644** `better progress`\n\nTotal: **67,378** `better progress`
Theres gonna be so many subdivisions for me to recap if he does💀
I wish I could but Singapore needs some Antarctican Penguin ass whippin’
WERKLY IDLE CHAT VOTE RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/i2m7kLL7h0A?si=u6vjtS02Q2A16vmC
So wants me to die, she wants me to suffer, she wants everything about me to perish
Georgia be pulling a UR • Cristiano move on the idle vote
And now that the balance is restored they are not disliking as much anymore
No I think whatever I did, the values were supposed to be sorted from most and then I accidentally copied it and pasted it in the wrong order so thus that’s what happened
You copy and paste “Ge1” and then you type in 0 next to it
This will be remembered in history for an eternity to come
If you want your country to be better, you need to work harder and support good initiatives rather than a fucking voting game.
Even with 5 people, is that gonna really beat my consistency
For me it’s https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=_j0zh4vmvaQ&si=eq0v4Ungyba41DpA
Im not gonna tell you because the red wave is probably taking notes
Still I imagine that Bilip and Tquik will vote Jackie anyway since they have a history of hating me
From a minor power to being one of the dominant countries on the chat votes
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Remember what I said about the Philippines
If they are as dedicated as I am, they would of done this from the very start
Well I haven’t seen them gain any dislikes however I’ll keep an eye on them
Yep pretty much everything stands in their way if they try the idle vote
Speaking of intention, let me work on the Combo report for today damnit
They then insult me for being inconsistant in comparison them
And the truth is, I do want to support Armenia, not to the cost of your interests with Georgia of course
1/6/25 - Almost every country has passed 100k likes
Well everything is fine now and every single IP is now been used
I know I could of avoided this all together by accepting Denis’ point and this wouldn’t of happened. Shame on me I guess for having such a bad morning
Exactly so you don’t need to worry about giving me my stuff back
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 make sure to not forgot to do your weekly report
As said this is suspected to change throughout the year and this is only an estimate.
But to all the Asians who like Utonish, I support y’all to.
Look I have no idea why AIFA put this off for so long since the previous operation on Alabama
@News Ping In case you’re wondering what will be here. I will post the Top 5 Stories from around the world everyday here at 21:00 UTC
The great Singaporean December Offensive has begun folks
Alright well good luck on voting Falkland Islands and I’ll see you later
Dude I literally managed to gain like 60k likes on Israel in like one day and that time was when we liberated Israel from the red wave
Like you can set the interval however long you want just as long as it’s not less than the cooldown of whatever stream your on
Did it say how long it takes before it’s usually gone?
It’s insane how far Nigeria has come since the start of this operation
You see, idc of the fact that Bilip has the largest combo because then again he deserved it, but the fact that he’s getting away with using the channel transferring exploit AND gaining more and more of an advantage every passing day is just disgusting.
A new record has been achieved! The US has achieved a growth of 4 votes per second, which is the highest growth ever seen since the incident with Germany
NIFA: It depends, but you contribute the most to it
Ever since Türkiye has reached 1M votes, I feel as if my operations are pointless now.
Also I will start to make daily reports again(WITHOUT STOPPING)
You sent a political message outside of #🗺️◄𝖯𝗈𝗅𝗂𝗍𝗂𝖼𝗌►🗺️ and you insulted a staff member
Just admit it now, you want power because of your massive combos not the fact you don’t care about competition
@Nova 2016 2018 For this elections I suggest we focus on electing a Lead Developer/Secretary, and Public Relations
Utonish uploads the recap at around like 4 or 5 am in Japan
@Utonish Can you please take action against the people disliking every country. I don’t mind anyone disliking any country for whatever reason, because that’s democracy, but I don’t like the fact that they are doing it for the fun of it and that’s not cool.
I might of given up(for now) but,\n\nI just want to say to you PAP, whoever has created this operation in the first place.\n\nYou have made this whole team of people who are probably paid(or not paid) just to fund your own self interests, and let me tell you, they are not even doing their job properly. Whoever is working with you is probably so fed up with you that they have just created a bunch of bots, and they are probably pretending to be on your side for your benefit. But let me tell you, one wrong move and your whole team will probably collapse within itself. All for what? The sweet Dopamine of seeing something good for your country? What have you become? I bloodthirsty person who wants to have a team do your job for you who aren’t even doing it correctly, all just to keep you happy? Is that all you want to do? Is that all you’re asking for? Are you depressed like me that you take it out on others for criticizing you, and it’s ironic because you’re not even the one behind the work. I’m just gonna say this one thing, If you want self improvement, go do things that contribute positively to your society rather than relying on others to contribute for you, because all that’s doing is showing how selfish and stubborn you are. Ultimately this is your decision. You either remain a selfish dopamine seeker, or you actually make Singapore better for those around you. I will be at the end of that tunnel, and I expect to see you there soon.\n\n-PoTenTiaL April 30th 2025
If we’re talking about recognized entities, the Sovereign Military Order of Malta should be up there because it is recognized by the UN but not as a sovereign country. So technically there should be 198.
Alr im currently editing my flourish projects to fit Utonish's look
You took to long to respond. Admit it now. You and you ally are using TinyTask.
You know what, can you guys stop criticizing esXX, he’s no problem to me or Daniel, if yall want to start a war with esXX, yall better kill yourselves because I will not let any of you bother him, and I’m not kidding around here. He’s no threat to us, so don’t boss anyone around for some dumb fucking reasons please.
It could be a random country we don’t know about who knows right
Although Nova surprised the fuck out of me when he said it’s this month
African Union is the first item to pass 1M points!🔥🔥
Nigeria and Spain will get to that point eventually
So people are bypassing this “limit” by using the move to brand account feature
No wonder why we haven’t seen permanent streams like that of Utonish
I mean 3.2k for an average person doing it legitmately is a lot
That would mean I would be the only person to have 3 countries in the Top 20
Mark your calendars:\n# Türkiye(Combo) passes Singapore(Chat Vote) in votes approximately July 29th\n\n# Philippines(Combo) passes Singapore(Chat Vote) in votes approximately November 23rd
Atlantis will soon overtake Indonesia as the second highest on the chat vote behind Singapore, they will eventually pass them but Singapore continue growing at a fast rate
Starting tomorrow I will be bringing back the Chat vote and idle chat vote recaps but with a whole new twist! Firstly there are now many more ways to gain medals on a recap whether it’s most points or votes gained in a week. Every best on a category on a Utonish recap will result in a Gold, Silver or Bronze medal. Secondly I will be updating the medal counts for every country since the last time I did it. Thirdly I will be posting a weekly medal count recap instead of a Top20 recap.
If the Algerians just voted Algeria than they would be ahead of Singapore by now
That doesn’t count, it only works for Utonish certified products
I will be postponing Week 52 until tomorrow because I’m really busy with REFAMEVote at the moment
Should we also make a new logo for GCAT @Bosmium that uses the GCAT color code
I mean even with the countries who has big combos could still potentially lose to PAP
Additionally the Maghreb Union began to expand their military to compete with the US and China and formed their own sphere of influence across the globe in regions like Southern Europe and most of the Islamic Faith.
Holy cow so that’s why I managed to accumulate 2K more combo points since I slept lol
Think about it, India and Vietnam have many things in common
Since how is he able to live stream multiple live streams at the same time
https://tenor.com/view/whatever-sassy-ugh-duh-eyeroll-gif-17849793169258709107
You sure you can gain 500k in the span of a couple months?
Ok another quick comparison. I would be around where Comoros is on the ChatVoteCombo
As usual our Red Wave offensive protocol has been activated to prevent a major Red Wave offensive in Benin
That’s why nowadays Israel is quite low on the chat vote but back then they were #1
AIFA is in hibernation and will not be able to do anything until January
**BREAKING NEWS**\nEurope has seen a rise in attention from me lately. \n\nAs Asia continues to decline in attention from me with the exception Philippines, Vietnam and South Korea, many European countries have been experiencing huge growth in attention with most notably, iShowSpeed’s European Tour Part 2, Europa League, and just generally good vibes from them this summer. Stay tuned for my favorite countries tomorrow!
You can fill out the #📝-appeal-prison-sentence-📝 if you think this was bad decision and Nova will review it
Yeah your right, it’s just those taxes but AIFA took control of it
Oman Saudi Arabia and UAE are one of my favorite Arab nations
Thats not the point, you do it because your jealous
I literally don’t want to go through the trouble of creating so many accounts and then having to delete them
Wrong it actually comes from ancient Germanic roots, combining hrod (fame) and beraht (bright), meaning "bright fame" or "shining with glory"
https://youtube.com/@thespriteguy1216?si=lQdaZN73Obm9BO8_
Also I will be doing my last one today until next week
For 24 hours and will double for each purposeful mess up
Well I’m not gonna vote South Korea for a tiny bit, I will probably vote them over the weekend maybe
And by then if I were on the combo it would of resulted in me losing the combo
Ultimately if Germany remained first, the ChatVote would be so much different
Damn apparently everyone is ungrateful for the effort I put in this server
So South Korea for example has only 11,342 points but is fourth because of having a great monthly growth
The most out of any country on the US 50 States section
NIFA has achieved one of the greatest comeback stories on the whole Idle Vote. They went from losing to the Red Wave a year ago to almost wiping the Red Wave off the face of the earth.
So I suggest you back off from whatever you’re trying to do because you are not alone
Marshall Islands is glitched if you looked at the recap but idk why, I tried fixing it.
So as @iu mãi VN-A615 sort of did, for the Weekly Rankings I want to rank countries based on what I actually think is my favorite countries are this week rather than over a lifetime, and what VietnamBall did is actually pretty much what I want to do for this update. So here the example
In the end Türkiye became the first country to pass 100k votes
I would love it if the idle vote just randomly shuts down and then I can finally live my life perfectly
Ok now for the official report this week (Yes I’m doing it early cuz why not)
So i guess he’s basically me but more intense in emotions
Don’t worry, I will ensure our stronghold in first or second is kept in tact
Also I managed to finally get a 10k combo! Lets go!
All of which are much smaller than my combo and my allies
# Statement about the term “Red Wave”\nSince I think we all can agree the “Red Wave” is an outdated term for describing anonymous people disliking countries, I want to invent a new term. For those who aren’t named on Leaderboard, we will refer to you as **The Unknowns**
Ok bruh, nothing compares to Ch3Thailand’s over 1B views in a day twice on the early ones💀
That literally puts Nigeria and NIFA on the idle vote to shame
17M total likes have been achieved! However the actual total is like around 14-15M
I cannot believe that less than a week ago Nigeria hit 2.4T Points.
*But it was later proven that Algeria was behind the rise of Reunion and soon Reunion rose to being 4th*
Sorry to whoever is voting Luxembourg but Niger literally passed them in less than a day despite the fact that they alt using 3 accounts at once
That’s what I said although Utonish said he’s working on a solution to fix people losing their combo
Then go touch grass Utonish and stop banning my accounts…
*On the faithful day Febuary 26th 2024, the IdleChatVote began*
@iu mãi VN-A615 Thank you for sticking with Vietnam since the start. Even though we have went through so much shit since the beginning, I’m proud of you for taking charge and keeping Vietnam alive!
No doubt in my mind, but I don’t want any part of it.
However the situation has gotten under control and AIFA is on track to revive
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/6Jy7y4nj70M?si=Otmui0gyb8D50pBn
Utonish: Also im going to block everyone so they can't vote, so goodbye
@Caucasian Mapper PASS NIGERIA AND MAKE MORE MORE MISERABLE
Me, Bilip, Daniel, and Caucasian together would easily equal 3M in total
I was wondering why my dislike count was going up like crazy when I was at like 700 dislikes and then I noticed so many countries had a dislike count of exactly 1k
So Nova will give us all the ideas and we are in charge of making those ideas come to life
That would be interesting to see if Georgia can also make their alliance powerful too
Niger and Benin - Members that are Neighbors to Nigeria
Be careful on how you display that because your discord is interrupting the stream
Ok so im going to bed now and PoTenTiaL is already sleeping so good night or morning or afternoon wherever Russia is
Next week there will be Attention List, and a votes section to the list. But because of how buggy and how complicated it is to fix it, I wont be posting it this week
Hey guys, I won’t be doing the daily report for today however I’ll do it later tomorrow along with tomorrow’s. I’m extremely tired today and I would like to have a break for now
I think that in the future the leaderboard will be more NIFA dominated but the fastest growing countries will change dramatically
# Status Update on Ban\nI have sent appeals on both accounts but both have been denied and now I cannot send anymore appeals. So with that we have reached an end of yet another era. The YouTube Channel that I have had for 4 years is now gone and I thus have nothing else to do but start from scratch again. Although I’m still in the process of downloading a backup of the data from the banned channel so I will be able to easily migrate some of that to a possible new channel that I’ll create. In the meantime the only solution I have at this point is to delete the channel that I have had for 4 years to the rest of the channels on my account so I can keep voting on Utonish without any issues. I might as well look to the future rather than dwell over the past. After all my mark on history has been made on that channel and even though it’s gonna get erased from the face the earth, it will always be remembered by many.
Exactly and the fact I tried to do that and it didn’t solve shit
And you know what, I should of continued my operation on the idle chat vote until I humiliated the French and their fucking puppets
I’ll let you solve this on this your own if you seriously think I’m the red wave.
@Caucasian Mapper Please calm down. I know how it feels. I’ve been through it so many times
Today we are consolidating our forces on Serbia to convert them to Green
Because my biology teacher’s last name was Ms Dugay but it was pronounced “Dew-Guy”
RO: This means the aliens could come back because of the constant Earthquakes around the Atlantic
529,926 new likes this week!\n27,651 new dislikes this week\nJapan enters the top 19 fastest growing, and Botswana reaches top 12 fastest growing!
Even Singapore on the Idle Chat Vote is growing slightly faster than Singapore on the Chat Vote
My homeland French Southern Territories🇹🇫 they are the 22nd highest on the chat vote
@Caucasian You are not a Democratic Party member however you can create your own or be an independent
My servers won’t be fixed until next year, but I do have one left that I can use to vote on the idle chat vote. So starting today I will once again vote on the idle chat vote and until I get my servers fixed I will return to the idle vote
I spent fricking 2 years fighting the red wave. So why does that change now?
So that’s what we could say his face is for right now
Greece is luckily still 4 but it might eventually get passed by those 3 African nations
I imagine how the Singaporeans would react when they see Malaysia ahead of them lol
2/27 - In the meantime Nigeria is now number 1 economic power
He somehow makes a breakthrough and gains more than Singapore
You played him well, he deserves everything coming to him.
I officially announces the creation of a new alliance on the ChatVoteCombo! **The New Order**! The New Order shall consist of all of the New Generation countries!
This is the first time I have been able to get a country in the Top 10 since I voted the US back a long time ago
Mark my words, I am not giving up, no matter what it costs. I will continue until the very end, because the ultimate goal is to not just pass Singapore, but to kick start a new age on the chat vote. It’s gonna be a long journey but once I make my march onto Singapore, it’s game over for them and we will stand tall once again as the community we were once again. This is the beginning of the future
Yup they are barely putting a dent in Vietnams growth
She’s also in the Lowell Symphonic Band and plays the Clarinet
Remember 3 factor rules says wise and that depends on what you think
Nice so where would it be if it were on the idle chat vote
Let me just make sure your daily powers list for points is right since last time I did it when I made your points list template, I got different values which is strange
Bruh I know for sure Indonesia is gonna pull up with another 60 votes somewhere
Well back then PAP would do the same thing, but not to this extent
No matter how I feel, I will make sure things are done
8/22 - Sierra Leone withdraws from the Saharan Counsel and joins the American Empire
Bro people in 200 years be looking like raisins lol
Also peak ChatVoteCombo nostalgia https://youtu.be/zDdaup_fejg?si=jLg0rU7Y1u3SfC_f
Of whether or not I can sustain my presence here and in the real world
Yeah like my Philippines combos that I spent fucking 2 weeks to get and it ended up fucking banned when that wave of bans began
And if Singapore can dethrone Indonesia on the chat vote
He might have his “team” or whatever but I have enough alts to beat him
Bro Sybau, all you do is copy and paste people’s moments every time someone says something that’s “funny”
Nigeria is and other nations are growing fast and we all have one goal in mind
Ok well for now I’m just gonna continue what I’m doing and hopefully he doesn’t come to the chat vote
There will also be a lifetime Highest Level Leaderboard which you guys can check out!
The AU has become the first item outside of the Country Section to reach 100M points!🔥
Stage 6 would be like hacking into Utonish’s account and manipulating the streams
My Goals for Day 2:\nZ-Ed Maps 2: 1500\nZ-Ed Maps 1: 1401\nZ-Ed Maps 3: 750
Top 10 best numbers from 1 to 10'\n\n1. 4\n2. 1\n3. 0\n4. 2\n5. 10\n6. 3\n7. 7\n8. 5\n9. 9\n10. 8\n11. 6
Im pretty sure Hakka and Chinese would be somewhere up there but im not sure
Buddhism, also despite starting in India/Nepal has become the prominent religion of most East Asian Nations
But yeah this was before I began operations on the idle vote
Alright so far no one has landed on the island and we are currently just getting started! Remember 1T Singaporean points, that’s a lot right there and whoever manages to capture it all wins it all!
I’m too busy to vote anyone for long periods of time honestly
Noice I’ll try to make one based off current data, I’ll definitely make the Falklands as accurate as possible since your a pretty recent addition to the projections!
I have migrated the ChatVote-Country Point History Since 2023 to the latest Visualization version https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24524067/
Vietnam actually did get the first vote ever on the ChatVoteCombo
Now that I cannot alt anymore I need to follow the rules of Utonish
I didn't vote them yesterday, so im making that up today
I’ll tell you what, even if you get everyone red, it will take over a year to achieve your goal
*Unfortunately it hits the Time Machine and breaks it*
So that’s like 38k for Réunion and 36k for Algeria this month
Maybe the answer to all of this is that after all it’s human nature
This is probably the 7th to last day of this battle
NIFA: So yes Georgia you represent the US as an observer state
Don’t forget, the five members who are supporting the war effort, so that’s 12k likes per day
Bruh Nigeria somehow is at 500k dislikes already???
So sorry to say my friend but they don't deserve it
I WASTED WAY TOO MUCH TIME WITH YOU THAT COULD OF BEEN USED ON OTHER THINGS
If so can you ensure that this doesn’t happen again
She moved to Seattle and after working in a tech job for a couple decades she moved to NY
1/2 - Treaty of Earth, Aliens disband Utonish from ever existing again and NAC and Nigeria pay up
RO: It has a portal to Atlantis and it will teleport the aliens to Atlantis in 2027
Oh wait I didn't fix the emoji one in this instance but it will be fixed in the next one tomorrow
Since I was scared that people would find out it’s me and then I would become the most hated person alive for botting
This would save AIFA from disintegrating but it is not yet done
Also AIFA will launch another Operation on Israel soon
Goals for the Idle Chat Vote in 2025\n1. Nigeria Top 1 in Africa\n2. DR Congo Top 2 in Africa
Spain is also soon to pass Israel in points soon to become the sixth highest in the world
So if they really want to destroy a country, they need to stop voting the country a vote a country against them. That’s how you can destroy a country in total points.
# I HAVE OFFICIALLY CRACKED 10K VOTES IN TWO DAYS ON ALL PLATFORMS COMBINED\n-# No bots used whatsoever
The cycle of Bayuification continues if Utonish doesn’t get rid of them
Tbh I like how the old fires glowed, can you implement that to the new fires?
Liechtenstien has been gaining a lot of likes lately
Whoever is interested in the Olympics, Utonish made a medal count livestream! https://www.youtube.com/live/4KHId1aqJwo?si=5ZPyL_xYU-UxYxY5
Because at any moment I could face annihilation from whoever is disliking Vietnam
You cannot vote them unless you ask us or the people voting them
https://tenor.com/view/robot-bot-chougne-pamela-chougne-touzeil-gif-17895123591590285079
# Updated Utonish Timeline\nI have recreated @Karotten original timeline to extend to December 2025 and will be actively displayed on the archive to include more events!
Weekly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtu.be/pigzO1TXI1Q?si=AlzdDgFe9kz6Dbr_
# **BREAKING NEWS**\n\n**WE COULD BE SEEING A NEW INDEPENDENT NATION IN SUDAN SOON**\n\nTo recap, the RSF(Rapid Support Forces) a militia in Sudan who in 2023 broke off from the Sudanese Army due to disputes and they began to fight each other later that year. The RSF has made huge gains in 2023-2024 and has control over most of South-Western Sudan and parts of the capital of Khartoum. In addition in 2025, the previously dormant group the SPLM(Sudanese Peoples Liberation Movement) who previously fought for the independence of South Sudan prior to 2011 would combine forces with the RSF which would later drag South Sudan into the war against the Sudanese Army. After a successful offensive against the Sudanese Army, the RSF has announced the creation of a new “Government of Peace and Unity” which could lead to the formation of a new state within Western Sudan in the near future!
You know, it’s about time we do something about that you know
Niger will soon join the New Order when they reach the Top 20
I FINALLY PASSED PAKISTAN! FUCK YOU MZ GAMER! GET COUNTER-RATIOED
Somehow the IdleVote leaped 5 years into the future
Whoever is voting Indonesia has a bigger combo than us
Because Botswana during the stream era was probably very popular
If I’m not consistent enough with liking them, they will go red
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/rXtIs98_lJk?si=ySttsU8JX3hP3CAk
Because in late April or May I will vote Vietnam next
Nigeria 3.7T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/RPFshUZN_cU?si=-UWnGH4C8lHB1THW
Same thing but for votes: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/17746045/
Because they havent been disliking them or any country lately
I remember watching Botswanas gain like 100s of likes per update
You keep the selection there and instead switch to the later you want and then move
NIFA: But if we catch you disliking North Carolina, we will like them
Reunion passed Indonesia bringing Reunion to 4th which was an Algerian vassal
So as you can see AIFA completely decimates this leaderboard
I cannot say because this will cause more people to use it and cause more chaos
Btw im still trying to figure out how I can even out my time outside and my time here, otherwise the Philippines will fall on the Combo and Singapore will lose Top 1 to Canada on the IdleChatVote. But if I focus too much time here, my grades will fall. So its like a seesaw that I must keep a balance on.
Wait what program do you use to make these live streams?
But I’m gonna do it for the better good of the chat vote
What will a name is all the accounts I see voting Canada
Oh and Philippines, all of Central America and Cuba
Yeah if I played my cards right I would of just admitted to being PAP
So you basically control the 50 states section now lol
How about we all form AIFA 2.0 and fight the red wave 2.0
I told ya bruh, you need to do something to make the server popular. If you don’t it will remain like this
@Utonish Can you please ban all the South Korean bot channels because they have been doing this for about a day now nonstop and it needs to end now.
Not a lot but enough to rival Czechia’s growing presence on the Combo
Also 5th is currently in being fought over between Palestine and France both of which are the only two at 32k votes
Also congratulations to Serbia for getting the first vote!
That Nigeria becomes the highest on the country section
This is how many points you should remove\nFrom 10k to 100k -> 4950055000 points
Still can’t wait till Falkland Islands passes Argentina lol
Ok so in Japan it is currently Wednesday and so far things are going well! Indonesia is currently behind Singapore, Falkland Islands and Algeria in terms of votes this week Chile is trailing right behind Indonesia but will soon pass them making that a total of 4 nations to be ahead of Indonesia this week on the recap!
Yeah you just take the UTC time and add or subtract whatever time zone it is
It will spand the nations of Nigeria, DR Congo, Niger, and maybe Falklands
Exactly, that’s what I was explaining to Caucasian earlier lmao
Eventually they are going to pass Spain, China, Brazil, even Algeria, and soon Singapore
We need to get rid of the red before we like any country
This is your answer https://youtube.com/shorts/Hy9_3W8mJdA?si=2NW3W_QVRCU4dzkh
This is officially 12.5% of my goal for 80K votes on all platforms combined
Yeah who is he? Is it that guy that spams👎👎 on Utonish’s live streams?
Singapore and Indonesia were too busy rivaling each other on the chat vote and Algeria and Türkiye took it too their advantage to get higher on the idle chat vote!
Btw before I go, I know it’s weird how NIFA is a thing from the idle vote because I love Africa so much. But yet at the same time I’m a completely different person that’s not even related to Africa but rather from Asia.
@OFN Aficana @OFN Americana @OFN Asiana @OFN Europa @OFN Oceania \n\n# Organization of Free Nations of Utonish January 2026 Objectives:\n\n## ChatVote Objectives\n1. Reach 40% Singapore's Point Ratio with the any of the following countries\n🇨🇱 Chile, 🇬🇪 Georgia, 🇻🇳 Vietnam, or 🇪🇸 Spain\n\n2. Keep a Look out over Guam. Kick Guam out of the Top 10\n\n3. Get the Top 35 over 1T Points\n\n4. (Add your own goals here)\n\n## IdleChatVote Objectives\n1. Germany 200K votes\n\n2. France 300K votes\n\n3. Canada 420K votes\n\n4. Singapore 390K Votes\n\n5. Two more countries over 100K votes\n\n6. (Add your own goals here)\n\n## ChatVoteCombo Objectives:\n1. Malaysia 30B Points \n\n2. Phiippines 30B Points\n\n3. Chile 30B Points\n\n4. Czechia 10B Points\n\n5. Two more countries over 100K votes\n\n6.Top 35 above 1B points\n\n7. (Add your own goals here)\n\n# Feel free to adjust these goals to your liking, and add more if you like! I will update the list constantly!
PoTenTiaL: Whoever it was, they were the ones that made you vote Andorra
But I’m going to be leaving this community until August 1st. I cannot take it anymore
We may act sort of similar when we crash out but at least I have a heart for you guys and as for him he uses AI for everything.
Oh yeah Russia will probably smash that record in a less than a week
So this is what we wanted right? A full collapse of Bayu’s Indonesia on the weekly recaps
I will be creating a Romania & Nigeria vs Indonesia recap every single day until Nigeria and Romania pass Indonesia and later on ill do Singapore vs Romania and Nigeria, however ill do the rest of new order as well when you guys get closer
And then we collectively can help out with development and hopefully one day getting a proper stream that we always dreamed about to work
Within the two links he provides in his description
I forgot to mention that Cameroon, Republic and Democratic Republic of the Congos, Tanzania and Kenya make up the Central African Counsel a branch of NAFA which is runned by Kenya and Nigeria.
The US is officially the third ever country to pass 1M growth on the Idle Vote!
It was so selfish of me to do that and I’m genuinely sorry about that @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
Ofc bro, take as much time off if needed to take care of them
If Nova doesn’t change the admins on Monday I will step down myself
I’m upset pretty much all the time. This means a lot to me Daniel❤️
Trust me, you will regret every life decision you will make after this and you will go through a lifetime worth of crash outs afterwards
Hey guys, instead of arguing about the chat vote/idle chat vote, come vote on the idle vote at https://www.utonish.com/idlevote/country/\nIts the most underrated site Utonish has
And what if Utonish was actually just the friends we made along the way
Indonesia is still predicted to be the first country to pass 1M votes later this year followed by Singapore!
Türkiye though have a whopping 21k votes! They have had a phenomenal first week!
TO THOSE WHO DIDNT LOSE IT BY MISTAKE, I HAVE A SOLUTION
Like they are so bombed that they even make a currency out of it im pretty sure
Also I have extended the time of the Chat Vote History Presentation from 310 seconds to 400 to better match the scale of how long it actually is
Bilip = Türkiye and Azerbaijan\nMe = Philippines and India\nTW = Taiwan and Canada
You know it’s fucked up when you combine the US, Nigeria and Niger’s points together that Indonesia is almost equal to them all combined
@Nova 2016 2018 Here you go https://discord.gg/VP8yFSYJWw
That was until the Project Dyson Sphere was launched which contained the Sun to its original form which ended the Solar Schizophrenic Outbreak across the world and thus ended the SSNP.
I’m only gonna do 800 for Philippines and that’s it
Yeah its a bit confusing but the () is the Points Value of the Votes which ill explain
He kept my African spirit alive and decided to vote it
I expect that Utonish will ban his 2.0 accounts soon if @bilip blop doesn't change the names on them
One faithful day, a guy by the name of Roubaix had discovered the idle vote after seeing a random live stream on YouTube.
I’m not gonna convert them green if they aren’t even supported by the red wave
Sure maybe their Kpop stuff is overrated but their scenary is amazing and the language is easy to learn
I think Nigeria and the DRC is like Cocomelon and SET India
Ok guys, so I’m gonna do favorite countries later today since I’m gonna have real busy Friday coming up tomorrow
Ok I’m actually getting used to the damage the Red Wave inflicts on Vietnam everytime they wait for their 60 votes
*The continuous loop would continue on for an eternity*
Of course the problem of Israel and Japan still reside but if they do turn red again in the future then AIFA will have their backs
Don't worry about them because at the rate your going at, that wont matter
Basically the Growth list will be the Fastest Growing
He can beat my combos all he wants because I’m gonna start from scratch
First Monthly Idle Vote Recap is here! https://youtube.com/shorts/qj3g-dhmj18?si=H9iHTMIs9qFleTLm
Singaporeans while being exhausted after all that: NOOOOOOOOOO
So I think whoever is voting Antarctica is maybe ce83
No because I was not referencing you, if I did then I would of deleted it
As a former Singaporean voter, it might of been hard but taking things to this extreme is just not cool and you yet created a new enemy with it, that being the Turks
No it does include dislikes so subtracting from likes this is what might happen, but this is based off of what happened last week so it could change
So I was already known for voting Nigeria before I even botted Singapore
@Halau How much are you gonna vote for Georiga today?
Man if Nigeria was growing at that speed within 5 months then Nigeria would have around 1/3 the amount of likes on the site
I’m probably gonna take another day off until this glitch or whatever gets fixed
Daniel Bilip and I’ll even support Abdul if I have to
Ever since the release of the idle chat vote, Singapore has significantly slowed down! They only gained less than 1k votes today
Singapore December 11th 2023. I bet Bayu is gonna like this one!
Can you send me the excel file, I wanna see if I can make it work with my favorite countries
# I MESS WITH HIM JUST AS MUCH AS YOU GUYS MESS WITH ME
And on top of that they would need to grow at least 2x faster than Singapore to pass them within a year
Vậy nên hãy ngừng tranh cãi ở đây và làm ở nơi khác.
To this day, Israel is now considered a fully recovered country
I actually added every single countries subdivisions
Unlike the rest of yall however, Germany has a good chance to become a great power like Nigeria
And if there’s opposition on the other side, then so be it
So thats why they have a lot of points despite not being in the Top 10
The Combo proved to be a place for actual “legit” gameplay
Except for East Asian Countries and some other countries
Rest in peace dear aunt, I hope you get a good stay in heaven🙏
I’m currently looking at Google Workspace as a solution to that, since I’m pretty sure you can export your YouTube Channel data to another account and that way you can infinitely transfer without having to experience transferring errors. Also with Google Workspace, you can probably duplicate combos which I haven’t tried out yet since I’m still in the process of setting up a profile.
@GCAT Citizen I have decided to bring back Individual moments but as threads! Post your best moments in them and ill make sure that this channel covers them
Well EVERY FUCKING TIME I LEAVE FOR A SPLIT DAY AND A HALF HE ALWAYS COME BACK
I think I never posted it here, believe me I checked my entire history. Couldn’t find it.
Nguyen referring to the Nguyen dynasty of Vietnam and Minh referring to Ho Chi Minh
# COMBOVOTE RECAP\n-# BY 24.01.2026, TOTAL POINTS\n \n1. 🇻🇳 *Viet Nam* - ***2,886,842,077*** pts\n2. 🇨🇦 *Canada* - ***934,688,073*** pts\n3. 🇷🇺 *Russia* - ***799,912,250*** pts\n4. 🇩🇪 *Germany* - ***763 496 914*** pts\n5. 🇪🇸 *Spain* - ***736,468,498*** pts\n6. 🇮🇱 *Israel* - ***588,847,697*** pts\n7. 🇨🇳 *China* - ***461,374,470*** pts\n8. 🇫🇷 *France* - ***431,597,738*** pts\n9. 🇦🇶 *Antarctica* - ***350,538,235*** pts\n10. 🇷🇸 *Serbia* - ***332,583,452*** pts\n11. 🇮🇳 *India* - ***309,114,518*** pts\n12. 🇬🇪 *Georgia* - ***254,018,501*** pts\n13. 🇮🇩 *Indonesia* - ***251,836,052*** pts\n14. 🇵🇭 *Philippines* - ***155,689,912*** pts\n15. 🇳🇫 *Norfolk Island* - ***151,763,142*** pts\n16. 🇭🇷 *Croatia* - ***150,479,897*** pts\n17. 🇵🇰 *Pakistan* - ***149,530,848*** pts\n18. 🇨🇭 *Switzerland* - ***126,693,020*** pts\n19. 🇧🇱 *Saint Barthelemy* - ***117,344,611*** pts\n20. 🇵🇸 *Palestine* - ***109,232,818*** pts
# NEW UPDATES TO THE DAILY REPORT:\nI have changed a bit more of the formatting so it matches @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 's weekly report format, for example the :up1:(+1) is now :up1:+1 , and whenever growth values are "+ 0" it will now be  "= 0", etc and thats pretty much it
You don’t deserve to have a Utonish server like that
Hey guys, I have added all countries in Northern Africa! Check list commands for more about them!
I just need to be able to make daily reports for combo
This brings back so many memories. So my point is proven that I had this alliance with Portugal and North Macedonia at one point.
But it gets so bad that these crash outs keep happening
But one thing. Please don’t cause another global conflict in the future or we will betray you.
So whatever does happen, I hope it doesn't result in wider escalation
But believe me, if I remain on the idle vote for my whole life, that day will come
When all it was, was me liking Nigeria in the past weeks and making an impact on my Lifetime report
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 Can you stop prioritizing the ChatVoteCombo in your reports please. At least take your time and do proper reports for all the live streams like I have demonstrated to you.
Or actually #3 and #4 because of the ongoing rivalry between the US and Antarctica
Also Bayu: STOP VOTING THIS COUNTRY NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Once 2026 encompasses the whole world, all of the past dramas are the past and we can finally move on from it for good and write a new chapter in history
I am already the most hated person in this universe anyway
Also there are only 18 negative point nations left!
But once you get the hang of it, you won't have to worry ever again about anything
No matter what internal defenses the robots have, those devices are built to bypass it
Once you get them there they officially join the New Order
So if the person is actively there but is botting at the same time, that’s automatically a Stage 0.75 or Stage 1.5/2
Oh yeah and while doing all that, you still need to vote 24:7
At least now that I have reached my goal I can just rest and watch Indonesia slowly overtake me in likes
Since there are so many observer states, NIFA plans on creating a bigger alliance to protect the observer states just like the main NIFA members
Huh interesting @Vicky I have received the same ban to two of my accounts and even my main channel got banned again. Idk why but I was just voting normally and that happened out of nowhere.
You would need big balls to be using an autoclicker just for stage 4
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=-eGM0IJc70Y&si=nSVoCLRWIRcYf_Qr\nFighting the Red Wave be like:
See guys even though I’m half Nicaraguan my Spanish is nonexistent.
They are the only nation outside of Africa to be a NIFA member
Daniel you think that’s ok?👌 Bro I’m actually on the verge of crashing out. I better leave this site before I end up doing so.
If your in the negative, its actually easier to get points or lose points
If that happens, that will prove our point and we can begin resetting the idle vote
Btw I’m the original Singapore voter back in the day before PAP and I respect your work
If AIFA had resources for all of the universe then it would be truly be dominant.
Points don’t matter, it’s just a way of fueling unnecessary competition.
Because when you change IP Address or whatever you go back to 0
Even though they were able to get 1K dislikes it’s barely putting a dent in my growth
Ok now this server should pretty much resemble Utonish’s server
Unfortunately for Bosnia however Niger my goal for them is 2T so I might anger a bunch of people soon
The same thing Bilip and Chispa have been using to gain an absurd advantage over everyone else
It seemed like two days ago that Indonesia passed Germany to become number 1 and yesterday that Singapore passed Indonesia to become number 1
But anyway I don't wanna into too much detail since those "Servers" are actually just IP Addresses I use
Although MrBeast got canceled so I kinda regret that title
You voted so many countries that not a lot of people cared about but yet will never forget
Well the second red wave might start with Israel since Israel will soon have a growth rate of only 99k per second.
I might bring back the NAFA alliance from the Idle Vote to the Idle Chat Vote to counter Singapore but I’m incredibly busy with other things outside of Utonish voting games. Maybe during the summer I might begin
Yep it took like 3 or 4 weeks for Singapore to reach 1T just from 98B
So all I want to see is everyone being fair to one another instead of holding advantages against one another
And that’s more than what Singapore gained on the chat vote
Once you get Georgia up there, this will mark the beginning of the idle vote miscellaneous revolution
Niger 100,000 Votes https://youtube.com/shorts/Ga3VCMgcLm0?si=taNnj6L0hnvZot5I
So apparently Romance languages aren’t the only languages that use Feminine and Masculine nouns
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Before I do anything though, what do you suggest we should do against m4ngo
That was the only victory we have achieved against them
But then Georgia catches up and passes Nigeria in the process
Once I burn this loop of mine I will have all the time in the world
Man and it’s truly the dedication how long I’ve been active for on discord in awhile
Because AIFA is gonna invade the live streams and everything Utonish has
As for me, I love China, just not the government. I would love to just go to Beijing, Shanghai or Guangdong(Quảng Đông) just to see the amazing architecture and eat the delicious food. Maybe one day I can see my distant family.
So if you can you should focus liking them a whole ton
Your damn right, keep trolling him whenever you can
Or actually since your doing the reset, I will just do reports for each iteration you do
SO IF YOU TRANSFER TO YOUR MAIN ACCOUNT, YOU WILL GET THE SAME PROBLEM
This will only be available to the GCAT board members
Either that or I will help other countries other than the Philippines
How to become most hated person in the Utonish universe:\n#1 Cheating
Well she may of not done anything, but because of your selfish little opinions on them might of did
Russia is now growing at a rate of 52,164 points per second
Most AIFA countries except Nigeria would most likely drop a couple spots and if Türkiye can continue to dominate the Combo side of things, they will probably have 700k total votes
Also good job to Tuvalu for remaining on the recaps for 6 weeks in total despite being the least known country in the world
Although it depends on where though since it could vary, but pretty much all schools here begin August
PoTenTiaL: Gotta do what you gotta do in the meantime right?
I’m also gonna add a\n# MOST MEDALS\nwhich will track the amount of medals each country gets
Apparently there are three factions of what we all consider the “red wave”
I’m looking into this more before I can confirm such points
ROMANIA IS ON FIRE! https://youtube.com/shorts/sOOPp16tUSQ?si=I21mCXfI1e1EZi2X
When I get home we need to kick out those countries because they are cheating
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Brace yourself to look at how the Power List will look like for the ChatVote
In fact I officially recognize the beginning of a new defense pact between Russia and Georgia(State) to bring unbelievable growth and power among both.
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTE RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/DynbEng5oig?si=G-IpA84jpG8hxPTh
That isn’t the countries like Singapore or Indonesia
@everyone Top 20 greatest feats on Utonish universe:\n1. 🇳🇬 Nigeria + AIFA Alliance 2023 IV\n2. 🇸🇬 Singapore 2024 ICV\n3. 🇸🇬 Singapore 2024 CV\n4. 🇧🇼 Botswana 2022 IV\n5. 🇹🇷 Turkiye 2025 CVC\n6. 🇲🇨 Indonesia 2023 CV\n7. 🇨🇦 Canada 2024 ICV\n8. 🇷🇺 Russia 2025 CVC\n9. 🇳🇬 Nigeria 2025 CV\n10. 🇩🇪 Germany 2025 CV\n11. 🇺🇸 United States 2023 CV\n12. 🇧🇷 Brasil 2024 ICV\n13. 🇻🇳 Vietnam 2023 CV\n14. 🇧🇷 Brasil 2023 CV\n15. 🇻🇳 Vietnam 2026 CVC2\n16. 🇵🇭 Philippines 2025 CVC\n17. 🇨🇱 Chile 2025 CVC\n18. 🇨🇳 China 2024 ICV\n19. 🇫🇰 Falkland Islands 2024 ICV\n20. 🇩🇪 Germany 2025 ICV\n21. 🇨🇱 Chile 2025 CV\n22. 🇮🇱 Israel 2022 CV\n23. 🇬🇷 Greece 2024 CV
Yup and this would be core technology on Earth at this point
I trusted Bilip with his operation but now that he is literally Botting and alting, this has to end now
Honestly at this point, what does NIFA even do? Oh yeah
You don't even need an account but youll get a few extra things if you have an account
There are so many points now that going from 85 to 84 would probably take a month
I told you Bayu they are dying down, they’ve only gained like 7k this week so far
I kept telling you back then to vote them but you refused
So get voting and youll join ACS eventually and later NIFA
I am sticking with my position. I will be voting Benyi.
Idk how ill be able to vote 4 nations in one day since look at PAP and Algeria
@Caucasian I have finished the first year of the votes section aka 2023
Starting tomorrow. NIFA will begin supporting the United States as NIFA's BASE TERRA initiative continues to ramp up
Additionally Ukraine and Israel are at it again and are rivaling each other for 16th
If anything I wish I can turn time back to early May when TW was still around and not cause that mess.
I did say that every 60 seconds on the idle vote that the site usually updates and sets each country to a certain value
Sorry I’m taking a bit too long but I gotta redesign it @Caucasian Mapper
I hope you understand because I don’t have the time
Nigeria getting closer and closer to beating Singapores record
# One warning to you and Sonar, politics are in politics channel.
There’s always a possibility someone will obtain my powers and will use them against me
So that means Georgia is now the second most liked nation after Vietnam
It’s just fucking crazy how many votes they have now
Why is everyone mad at me? Whenever im peaceful everyone has to get mad at me. But yes I will look into it.
Yeah also i noticed they have very different timings when it comes to voting in the chat
https://youtube.com/shorts/PYlQpxeIdpw?si=IqmemyMxqyX1yzJ4
And of course both hating Argentina for trying to annex them
And if Utonish does nerf them, Utonish will need to nerf their dislike count too for NIFA to be able to convert them successfully
And same with the chat vote, Lee Kuan Yeu the leader of PAP is also gone.
Your just filled the delusion that we have lost. But yeah did lose and there’s nothing we can do overturn it
@Caucasian Mapper\n# DO YOUR RECAP OR ILL MAKE MY COUSIN ANNOY YOU AGAIN
Another big issue, Cyprus didn't gain 586 votes! My bad guys they actually didn't gain any votes at all, so that was just a bug with my spreadsheet
Utonish looks to be taking action against bots: specifically Singapore, Algeria, Brazil, and Canada as they are no longer voting.
Your damn right on every point made, this is the beginning of a new era, a new generation, a brand spanking new order being established as we speak
@Videomaker 🇧🇦 Be like: Well what about ***BOSNIA***
They are the same people who have been funding these huge waves of dislikes in certain countries
I will determine if this is a threat or not based off of how long he will go for
And you can manually set that in your data spreadsheet so it will automatically set that to true and show the 🤖 emoji when you copy and paste the message
I don't know how you managed to do that, but everything I tried doesn't to work for me
I haven’t seen Canada gain anything on the idle vote
Please Utonish don’t nerf them. All that effort it took me
And in case your wondering it’s pronounced “Ha” “Nang”
Oh and your Elgus and Matixx friend of yours, we’re gonna get them too.
Even though @userdev_ has proven he can vote the Philippines without me, I have made his country face unnecessary embarrassment in front of his eyes and I genuinely feel bad for him. He should have been the one to make them great but I had to make his life miserable in his own country by making it worse.
Yeah without it the site has very few people left including me
Ok now it’s the 7th time Indonesia has passed Vietnam
Even though I’m not capable of making a proper voting platform by myself yet, I will eventually make one that will succeed Utonish’s projects all together and even succeed him too and will even go beyond. Just with enough time and preparation I will make it happen.
This method he’s using is better than what I could do with Nigeria
Only the ones in the Top 20, and if I begin to like a country thats not on the Top20, ill add it in
Without OECD support this wouldn’t of been possible since NAFA actually secretly supported the OECD to become all green
And of course the American Empire will eventually form
But we do plan to stop supporting Japan once they reach 100k growth
That proves right there that they are migrating to other sections
Representative of Boston10xx: Well technically I know about it now.
https://tenor.com/view/skull-issues-gif-13031152103567454559
He just simply said “Can you vote Singapore to a higher spot?”
So if you vote 800 times or more per day for 7 days you get 105 PP
I might be an over prediction but we have a lot of time before then
Even if it means dragging it into next year. Philippines will have 1M votes
Here’s a better pic of him in case you’re wondering. He’s actually Korean
It’s a sort of new ideology among the Eastern Countries
# TODAY I HAVE EARNED REDEMPTION. TODAY IS THE START OF A NEW ERA IN UTONISH HISTORY. THE COMBOVOTE RULES!
Who knows maybe Algeria is secretly α puppet of Singapore
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 It’s getting worse… I’m trying to calm down but it’s only getting worse.
Alright I’m currently working on getting Mongolia, Vanuatu, Nauru, and Myanmar to 8k likes
So TLDR aka Summary:\n“Favorite Countries This Week is now the official report VERSUS Favorite Countries Since 2015 is not the official report anymore”
Once again I’m in support of their rule, no further comment.
Your not expected to vote over 800 per day so if you want to spread it out throughout the week go ahead
The Left side is points and the right side is votes
Well don’t worry about the fundraisers that require your presence to make work, that would be like the last resort
Also I will do a Utonish Universal Points Count tomorrow if I have time
So if it’s possible can you transfer its combo to another channel of mine which isn’t banned by YouTube. If so I would appreciate it a lot!
PAP has got the largest voting empire with Singapore and China being 1st and 5th respectively
GE = Germany\nOR = Oregon\nGI = Gibraltar\nA = America🦅
All the countries that have subdivisions I have successfully done it after 1 whole year of grinding
No not because of that but rather how they looked and what they do
🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩❌🇮🇩
Since the time span of getting to 1M votes is becoming more and more impossible day by day the more I stress about voting
No I mean like you just say something random and it votes that on the stream
They are disliking everyone else for the sake of making Antarctica number 1
But usually by tomorrow youll be able to vote again
By then I will have successfully got my combos to 10k again
I have a set of friends that I have been hanging out with that are Ethiopian so that’s why
ADP - Asian Defense Pact is formed after the leaders of the Republic of China, Japan, Korea and ASEAN held a summit in Beijing to discuss the future of Asia after WW3
But hey its better than it being under full NIFA control
I can see botting 10M votes would be crazy but as long as you enjoy every moment of it, then there’s no problem with that in my books
10/18 - Nigeria sanctions Guinea and cuts support from Guinea
Seeing APT more popular than Gangnam Style is actually cursed bro☠️
It will be going until August when the Utonish Break Period ends
Yeah my version requires a bunch of code and all that and which of course I don’t even know what the code even does and I don’t even know how to code either.
NIFA ALERT: There has once again been a rise in Red Wave activity all across the idle vote, specifically in the Top 100. Those who are below 2k dislikes will most likely be targeted due to their low dislike count.
So see guys, if I were with red wave I would have easily destroyed my way to first with the help of the rest of the red wave and no one would have known.
I notice there has been a ton of pro-Democrat protests in the US lately
PREMIERING SOON! https://youtu.be/Zo8bc3v5TfU?si=epjFZG-HtX67Ryf7
https://tenor.com/view/are-you-sure-john-cena-ru-sure-about-dat-gif-14258954
https://tenor.com/view/america-hurricane-happy4th-of-july-america-flag-independence-day-gif-21259025
But I’m more worried about people who embrace Trumps policies and might repeat it again
Anyway remember when PAP had a orange background instead of white
Also them: WE WANT THEM TO VOTE SWITZERLAND AND GEORGIA
Nevertheless thanks PAP for bringing Singapore to a point that I couldn't even bring it to
Ok I meant to say WE are expected to reach 1T points later today
Its been weeks since we beat them but yet they still are trying to somehow beat us
So I ended up switching to TinyTask which made my botting much more efficient
All I think about at this point is getting over this and eventually starting to play Clarinet in the Beginning Band, and I’ll be finally happy again.
First it was Botswana, then that failed after the streamed ended. Then Nigeria took the place and created chaos in the process
As I said earlier, they are out of the Top 60 on the combo so that’s why I have added them back
If it wasn’t for my outrage with TW, I would see Philippines having less votes than Russia and Chile and would still be behind Taiwan.
WEEKLY TOP60 CHAT VOTE RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/NrdNM_6qg5k?si=H4PLUhayzd6n-cdT
All of my Filipino accounts are above a 4k combo lets go!
Well if second was not too far behind from 1st than maybe Top 2 can get 2 and Top 1 can get 3
I don't want to start another crashout episode but tbh, sometimes despite everything I do(Other then voting on the Live Streams) people don't seem to care about anything at all. People go there own way to make it themselves and even if its good, they have to go their own way to make it themselves even though I have already done it.
Dude but Utonish would immediately ban them all if I did
For example Bayu likes the discourage countries when they are close to Indonesia by saying the voter is a bot and most of the time it works until Singapore comes in and Bayu tried but it didn’t work and instead the Singaporeans are playing Bayu’s own game and discouraging them and it has worked and now Indonesia only gains less than 15k votes a week instead of 25k
NIFA keeps making records as we speak! The Idle Vote Country has gained the most amount of likes ever since the end of the live stream!
Caucasus:\n1. 🇬🇪 Georgia\n2. 🇦🇲 Armenia\n3. 🇦🇿 Azerbaijan\n\nOceania:\n1. 🇦🇺 Australia\n2. 🇳🇿 New Zealand\n3. 🇫🇯 Fiji\n\nEurope:\n1. 🇬🇧 United Kingdom\n2. 🇫🇷 France\n3. 🇪🇸 Spain\n\nAfrica:\n1. 🇳🇬 Nigeria\n2. 🇪🇹 Ethiopia\n3. 🇰🇪 Kenya
How does he manage to put in 4.9k in everyday and not lose a single hour of sleep…
I appealed to the ban and YouTube got my main channel back'
Doesn’t matter I can call them here whenever I want
I have no intelligence. I am an old devil.\n\nBruh this translation is so wrong
When was the last time you thought about the Roman Empire?
The Alliance between Indonesia and Singapore shall depose S1 and Anna and they will stand down to us!🇬🇷❌
And Singapore, Nigeria, Indonesia and Germany, got it
@Nova 2016 2018 Since my colleague apparently like you, I will discard everything that has happened happened yesterday. Consider this the final chance I will give you. I will restore ties but make sure to use this chance wisely because I will not give you another one.
Screw off, you just are jealous of the red wave. You want to destroy them. But let me tell you. It’s impossible to
Unless for some reason someone wants to become the next Singapore
Approximately 5-10 more days left of this war against the Red
Since I have botted all those countries to oblivion
“Even if the whole community is against me, I wouldn’t care”
Alr I’ll go with the majority, but @Caucasian promise me you will wear this starting now up until you stop voting Georgia for good
It just seems like someone can give me hug for once, but I don’t deserve it.
Im gonna block her tomorrow and If I catch her say something else im gonna ignore it
But Israel and Japan managed to pass 1M dislikes lol
It was like how the idlechatvote is today but it used 250 different YouTube videos which are the countries, and depending on how many views there were on a video, it would add that amount of votes to a country
That’s ok because me and @Halau will combine forces and bring Andorra ahead of Falkland Islands and later China and Singapore
That means if India passes Botswana in likes, the Top 3 countries with the most likes will all be from Asia
Although the problem is that Nigeria and DR Congo are still very vulnerable to being passed
A being much more powerful than anything every seen before in the Utonish universe
Bye Bye Bye the song in the Deadpool and Wolverine movie
I heard of Bun Cha but isn't it only made in Vietnam??
@bilip blop I forgot to mention, but when you do Step 2 and 3, make sure your on the channel that was banned by Utonish
But yeah you know whatever happens now could change the outcome of the future
@Utonish We need to have a serious discussion about Bilip Blop and Chispa. So you may not be aware of this but as you can see, Chispa and Bilip Blop have been gaining tons of points and votes in a short amount of time and here’s why. So back in July 2025, I discovered a way to bypass and gain more than 800 votes on a specific channel at a time, and what this has allowed Bilip Blop, Chispa to do is overuse this exploit which I’ll go over, and allowed them to grow their combos to an absurd amount in a short amount of time. Basically this exploit involved transferring a channel to another Google brand account which YouTube channels rely on to work. So here’s what I suggest you do to patch the exploit: basically I want you to make it so combos on the ChatVoteCombo are Brand account specific rather than YouTube channel specific so that way when you transfer a YouTube channel to another brand account, you will lose your combo on that YouTube unless you stay on that brand account without transferring to another brand account. If you have another way in patching the transfer exploit, that would work too. But please Utonish, patch this exploit immediately!
I plan to stop at 10T points and 1M votes so I hope this makes you happy
But for me, I had the most enjoyable moments in that time
Which in the end of the week will result in 90,720-100,800 votes
Everyone treats me like they like me but in reality no one cares. They just move on
I was the best mile runner at my Middle School in 2023
Bro Caucasian you know better not to argue about things here…
ALGERIA 1T POINTS https://youtube.com/shorts/ZUARznToHKg?si=Fn3iHvM-eCavzYm2
Now im in a complete deadlock because if I try to delete the main account then it will delete my whole combo too since I tested that earlier
And would you guess, that’s always out the window the very next day
If you want to talk about the topic surrounding it, then do it in politics please
The term we agreed upon was not going above 7k “Botted votes” on a single country.
Exactly, the methods I use will not be allowed to go public unless I give you permission
Along with that Japan has passed Suriname which has put them 215
Ok then you are Sonar and I’m gonna stick to that conclusion because you are Sonar and you are always Sonar
@Benyi Pratam YOU INSULTED NIGERIA TOO MANY TIMES YOU SON OF A BITCH, I DONT WANT TO HEAR ANOTHER JOKE OUT OF YOUR MOUTH BECAUSE IM GONNA PASS SINGAPORE WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT, YOU HEAR ME? IM GONNA AVENGE REMI FOR THE CRIMES PAP DID TO NIGERIA AND YOU WILL PAY IF YOU TRY TO PREVENT ME FROM DOING IT! YOU UNDERSTAND FOOL? I DONT WANT ANYTHING TO COME OUT OF YOUR MOUTH AFTER THIS
Like we put on the AC and after like 60 seconds she complains shes cold
And Chispa, Maxi and his friends can finally be in peace when they reach my level😁
I black out like nothing happenes and when I wake up it’s just gone
But they left when PAP managed to beat them when they were gone for the night
The gap between the US and Vietnam is currently below 40B!
Nigeria is now my greatest contribution ever to the Chat Vote passing Singapore when I got it to 6th a long time ago
How about make the black guy, OFN and make the dog, CEC
@Nova 2016 2018 Btw make a rule that makes it so us candidates aren’t allowed to vote
Monthly and weekly will be tracked separately from each other
Oh yeah and it’s kinda funny how Utonish didn’t even fix it
Ironically I used to vote those two nations at one point lol
@everyone FAME Chapter 2 will release Monday 12PM UTC
RO: So we basically just created a new version of Atlantis
There’s literally weeks of non stop news about this in this channel so it’s worth looking at it if your confused on how I defeated the Reds
Nigeria 3.9T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/XtkST8HsSKY?si=6fqoj7zYTimQMDwB
But like you said they don’t have the honor to fight us, so we do better things
But y’all know THATS THE DEDICATION because we all still be buying it for 40 idle coins even in 927 decades from now
If they used the VPN that I used to vote Nigeria x50 then that would 2m a day
But the abilities AI have by then would just be insane
I would die to be able to do that in a short amount of time but I simply can't...
# As you can see\nNigeria has lost its top status in Africa all because of the ongoing events. Despite that I have a new favorite African country! Welcome Ethiopia🇪🇹 as my brand new favorite and fastest growing african country!
10/23 - The North Counsel sees the opportunity and invites Mauritania and Mali and Guinea to the alliance
That’s basically more than what I did throughout my whole time as PAP
I left my movement under the rug for too long and it turned into something I didn’t want it to turn into
Same as I said, I’m just gonna vote whoever is top and just grow my combo that’s it.
9/21 Α revolt in Southern Africa occurs after the harsh treatment the Central Counsel gave them
Because it’s the start of a new era in the PoTenTiaL verse
And then PoTenTiaL came in with the whole PAP Chaos and Nigerian stuff
Or even let Spain reclaim number 1 on the growth list
So it took 3 years to get points value all the up to 8M
The second draft of Base TERRA will begin in summer 2025 when external operations resume
Idk why Utonish hasn’t taken action yet like they did with Israel back then
And then maybe Saint Helena to complete the trilogy
Sorry Danto that you have to go through this, I obviously cannot take a side because of yesterday, I don’t want to get on his bad side again.
Nigeria 100,000+ Votes in a week! https://youtube.com/shorts/5DXNmF7NKNc?si=zNpRHmX9jT61Kt9E
Specifically from YouTube videos related to the idle vote, and I’ll try my best to document it all in the upcoming weeks
To put that into perspective, it took the chat vote about half a year to get a country above 100k votes
I’m only here for the votes, not for stupid events or whatever
@Admin and @Running for next elections you are not allowed to vote
I’m gonna continue to ask you this question so be ready.
Well I vote on another account not the ones that say “Bayu is an OVERWEENING BOT voting ID!”
Actually I meant to say First Quarter Year Recaps but yeah
Well I don’t want it to be too much work for you so if you want to create a function for it, then go ahead
Let me make the next update for the alternate future of the world
You could vote South Georgia and other territories and you can create an empire out of that
If you can somehow run multiple stage 4 operations at once then that’s what I would consider stage 5
@Bayu What’s your opinions on the whole Nigeria situation
Because you know what, the red wave will never be able to pass my combo whatsoever. That’s my only advantage left I have. No one will be able to pass it.
Although all AIFA members are still committed to fight against Israel in their current state of red terror.
@Utonish You need to update the View Counts stream again as 5 more channels have entered the list. Specifically, Sierra & Rhia FAM, The geeta gurjar, MaviGadget, dednahype, and Zack D. Films. Thank you!
I mean if it was recent like Saint Barthélemy then that would be instantly squashed
Spain recently got passed by Portugal and was pretty tense too
That’s weird, discord automatically enhances the photo to be brighter.
They disliked Nigeria when I voted on the IdleVote. THE SAME EXACT WAY
I’m not really depressed now but it could come out of nowhere
Here in America its American Idol where only one singer wins
Even if the person is actively there, the big channel voting waves is Stage 3 nevertheless
What keeps me alive during the school times is band. Without it, I would probably be suffering 24/7
What does that show you? Now you turning this against me? Is this all that you have for denouncing that you are cheating yourself?
Canada once had around 4k votes before Boston voted
It’s happened with Germany and it’s happened with Nigeria
You’ll need to do that approximately 15k-20k more times to pass Singapore
By 12:00 AM in Japan it will mark the 2nd day of Singaporean domination of the chat vote
They made need another lecture from me if I see them
Yup if Utonish does some subdivision shit like that, I would be in deep trouble because having to recap 10k+ subdivisions is pure torture
Well I said I was gonna split my effort up when I pass Taiwan, so I will have more time to help
I lost interest in voting legitimately, and became a botting maniac again
Idk about them as much anymore since they themselves have died down in activities there
I enjoyed the music too but its agains't youtube copyright
Now the Almighty Empire of French Guiana rules!! 🇬🇫🇬🇫🔥🔥
I believe Humanity will eventually find a solution to the declining population
Botswana's astonishing growth is what inspired Nigeria's
Like I did with Singapore when they were growing fast
If you create a Cryptocurrency for Utonish then yes I’ll add a channel for it
Botswana - The nation that’s technically rivals with NAFA but still kind of cooperates with them
We may of picked on her for making a fool of Argentina and other countries, but after all that was just her at her best. I genuinely miss her and I hope she’s doing ok.
So I will be running a new operation in collaboration with Daniel on the Combo which will be OPERATION RESTORATION which we will be supporting nations who have lost their combo, supporting allies, or nations who are new on the list! For me I will supporting BD, VN, and the US, and late more nations, meanwhile Daniel will be supporting VN, BD(later on), ES, RS, and BA(Let me know if I’m missing any other countries).
And now that the exploit is public to everyone. I will do another explanation later on what the exploit is if y’all are lazy to scroll up.
Along with that, Falkland Islands, and South Georgia Islands found a new sort of Ideology across South America in which new countries shall rise to rival Brazil and Peru, Peru specifically due to their overratedness, and this is heavily supported by Island Nations and British overseas territories in South America.
The Points Value is basically just the difference between the Weekly Gained Points of This week and last week
Canada, Morocco, and Kiribati are potential members in the future if they continue to grow consistently and reach the Top 20
Nah im actually gonna go to bed once I reach an 800 combo
But yeah hasn't really been too successful as of late
*Really the Falkland Islands was forgotten as nation as everyone lead them and everyone was too focused on the rise of Singapore and Turkey*
The four nations form NAFA a new alliance on the idle vote
It crazy how far NIFA has come since the beginning. It went from being a simple concept of mine to becoming a big part of the Utonish community. Once again I never thought this would even be possible but in the end we chant our victory slogans for @Utonish’s hard work to make this possible in the first place. But now we must let the idle vote be free and let more people decide how the idle vote country section should play out. Of course NIFA will still be around operating on Base TERRA and preventing another Red Wave but most of the idle vote will now be open for free voting and competition to whoever wants to vote. One more thing, NIFA elections will be held in November which will decide which NIFA member will become the next leader of NIFA. I will discuss more about it later on. So tomorrow will be NIFA’s last external operations of the year. After that no more. It’s been a wild ride and I hope to do this again in the future. Thanks for your time and have a great rest of your summer, fall and winter to come. -Roubaix Leader and Founder of NIFA signing off.
Unless Utonish invents IdleCoins in the near future, the cryptocurrency that will be better than VPNs
I believe @Benyi Pratam is gonna do something since I quit and he could become a problem
Don’t get rid of them but just indicate that they are Botting
Goals for the Chat Vote in 2025:\n1. Niger Top 20\n2. Nigeria 3T Points\nThat’s about it for now
Dude this is the highest poll I’ve seen so far in favor of Kamala Harris
I have dominated all the live streams for the past two years
As I said I tried that but it didn’t work after awhile
I messed up on the % part and accidentally used the points % to represent the list so, im gonna redo it real quick
Ohhh 39th place is their vote rank, not their weekly vote rank.
Looks like Azerbaijan might be wanting revenge against Caucasian lmao
I don't really think about how my favorite countries will change since this won't really reflect that in the future
NIFA is obviously based around Africa. And then we created DIFA aka NEO-NIFA which is also based around Africa. We could just choose Djibouti since every other country in the Top 20 is also random
Just focus on getting more CEC countries into the Top 60 instead of trying to go against my Philippines operation
Now we can technically see who is disliking and who is liking
And Georgia, if they keep their consistent growth, you will have 1,400,000,000,000 by the end of this month
Ok at least Maduro is captured, but I hope this doesn’t escalate
Karotten = Founder of Utonish conspiracies & one of OG Utonish members\nDTM = Founder of comedy and humor in the community\nMe = Founder of new botting methods and strongest botting force ever seen\nNova = Founder of a United Community
I did it out of jealousy but I learned from that. If you want to go down the same rabbithole I went through then consider this the beginning for you
Im just letting you know, you should probably rethink your relationship with TW, because she has not done a shit thing for us besides supporting Taiwan, Canada and Kazakhstan. Shes so selfish
It’s the only time I managed to actually beat Bayu face to face
12/9 Japan and South Korea invade North Korea to attack China
Also that’s like me saying “Why are you supporting Sierra Leone instead of Falkland Islands?”
Once I have time I’ll restart all of AIFA’s operations again
Exactly it’s pointless when they literally counter it within months
@GCAT Citizen INTRODUCING the ChatVoteCombo Point Growth History Since 2025 Visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24526237/
But I’m not sure if he’s willing to make his party run
Well they just gotta deal with it and make some sort of impact
I tried over and over again to get the banned ones to this day to get unbanned and nope it’s still banned to this day
@everyone I think its time to reveal the news!\n\nSo I will be launching a community server of my own next week!\n\nIntroducing\n# PoTenTiaL Zone(Or PTTL Zone)\n\nIn this new server I plan make this a meeting ground for all the different communities I have interacted with the most including you guys! So with that being said, I hope to host events there soon which will be extremely fun, and I hope to see you guys there soon!
So it’s kinda ironic that Utonish banned your other combo. You need to realize that what you’re doing to others by using the transfer exploit is wrong.
Although like the Falkland Islands their growth has since died down since the last recap
Once I secure my spot in second there will be no more reasons to stay up
And one of the tasks was to prevent China from ever rising
Imagine all of that together against the big thing that is the Red Wave
Ok well I’m on the side of @Karotten with this one, we won’t do anything for now
Maybe just keep going with Georgia like you did that time
My fellow Nigerian voter who dedicated his life to voting Nigeria
Woah a whole argument started just because I have a “new profile pic”
Meanwhile people saw Algeria as the closest country to Singapore so almost no one had a problem with them until they realized I was supporting Algeria too
Philippines will be in your the Attention list today right?
I think we used to refer to it as China and Barbados getting their revenge
Like at this point DogPack is the controversial figure not MrBeast
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=7pfX1OKqP80&si=d14j9Bm-xDhdI6RQ
If it wasn’t for that shadowban shit, we wouldn’t need Alt accounts
Bilip said that the top spot should always change, but that’s not what’s happening.
Tbh with all this Trump stuff, this is all a distraction to what is happening around the world. Trump thinks he can do whatever he wants but, if he takes one wrong step, it could lead to a global war
If I can do that, then for sure I will do daily reports everyday with this
And besides the og idle chat vote, it’s the “origin” place for many of us here
And then in 10 years they will probably wonder, “Who voted all those European Countries?”
Since Vietnam has fallen I have switched to Germany since they are 1st now
Where people can discuss Operations on the Utonish live streams and we can make OFN proposals
Day 1 Recap! Also the battle is currently still ongoing live right now! Check out Utonish’s stream!
What a fantastic day it has been for Nigeria today. It may not be the best to thing to do, but I have done something no one else has
@Halau make sure to log week 3 of your favorite countries recap season 2! #deleted-channel
Yeah it’s the reason why the IdleVote got to where it is
It might sound surprising, but the idlechatvote still wins
You all should at least experience life outside of Discord too and make something good out of it
I don’t actually hate Taiwan guys, I just hate TW. A completely different story
Again this is the present day so will see what happens
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 and @Nova 2016 2018 thanks for supporting me as always. When tomorrow comes, remind me what needs to be done. I will happily do what you guys want me to do even if it means I forget in the process. I will not forget who you guys are, nor what we have done. The most important thing is looking to the future.
https://tenor.com/view/ted2012-oh-my-god-yes-ted-gif-27108070
After we crack the mystery of who @Benyi Pratam is we will focus our attention on the Idle Vote
Back when I had an empire of combos on multiple countries(All of which were done legally)
Here is how the Disocrd Vote will work:\n1. You can vote for any country with their ISO 3166 code as yall know\n\n2. Any subdivision you vote will also count towards the main country which I will try to update on a daily basis.\n\n3. There will be no points system as this will require unneccessary work to update it every week
So therefore I guess if you want to gain PP easily, you should vote on the ChatVoteCombo. BUT, I might change the points system if there are a lot of changes in a short amount of time
Oh yeah about my history with Singapore, I used to vote Singapore back in the day before the Bayu days started
These counsels are the stepping stone to becoming an observer state of NAFA and eventually a member state.
Creating a bunch like maybe hundreds of channels and using them to bot Germany and other nations to oblivion until Utonish resets the chat vote
I fucking regret everything I managed to do to everyone and I hate seeing it everyday
@Tquik Well he said there were gonna be polls of some sort where the people choose one. Idk how he’s gonna do that but yeah there will be polls that people can vote on to choose the next mods.
I’m not really against Armenia, but the fact that they are alting just like PAP just sucks man
Also today, Singapore has achieved another record! They are the first country to have gained over 100k votes and counting in a month! Congratulations to Singapore!🎉
@Utonish IF YOU HATE ME, KICK ME RIGHT NOW!\@Utonish IF YOU HATE ME, KICK@Utonish IF YOU HATE ME, KICK ME RIGHT NOW!\ ME RIGHT NOW!
The most any country has for me is 300k and least being -110k
Yep I remember this when I voted the US and Algeria
We will be working with Utonish to prevent further cheating in the new chat vote
Just from looking at that, I imagine he would jump through your screen and kick your ass lmao
Spread your little campaign to go against me, because it’s only gonna make me stronger
The fuck guys. I’m literally over that phase of my life. I’m not here to be a selfish egotistical jerk and just only care about ruining other peoples lives. You know it’s not me but you still think I want to do that.
As for me, even though im retired now, I will still maintain one combo
El Salvador has been reclaimed successfully without resistance. So now we have to tackle the bottom where it's very active
We might expect to see more Green or more Red in this era
The French when they notice Saint Barthélemy is ahead of France:
Despite being apart of France, Réunion is the second highest African nation on the idle chat vote and is the fourth highest nation in points and fifth in terms of growth
Alternative Future of the Utonish Universe Recap Day 1 | April 15th 2032\n\nThe OFN, which was in the process of rebuilding from WW4 against the SNP faced political instability from the poor effort of rebuilding destroyed areas and funding efforts to rebuild crucial infrastructure which was supposed to supply this plan to fully rebuild the OFN. Unfortunately this plan failed leading to an OFN civil war in the Asiana and Europa branches. The OFN was able to regain their ground in Europe but due to immense pressure from opposition countries, Asia would mostly fall the newly formed CIN(Commonwealth of Nations) faction which hoped to reform the OFN to be a more representative of inner states in the OFN and give autonomy to all the states in the OFN. With the CIN victory in Asia, SARC, and ASEAN along with the CIN would merge together to form the Tibet Convention Organization based from the basis of the Tibet Convention to bring prosperity to all regions in the TCO and outwards, and eliminate all forms of corruption and bring equality and equal share to everyone. A new Cold War is now brewing which could spell the end of the OFN if not dealt with by the remaining OFN.
# Important announcement\nI will be officially quitting the ChatVoteCombo. I will only be voting on there 1.6k votes a day and that’s it. I see no point in return here even if I tried. Bilip has taken all the pie and it will stay like that. But as I’ve said before he deserves it to the fullest and I’m proud of you for your constant work and dedication there. This may be a big blow to my career here in Utonish but that won’t stop me from being who I am. Everytime I see defeat I end up being a fool and making a fool out of others and that’s not me. So with that I am concluding my Combo chapter and I’m awaiting the next chapter to begin with a new live stream. This may be defeat for now, but I will come back next year with a bang.
Dude thats so cute though. Nigeria did the same exact thing and now their greenifying the whole section
You gotta give me a reason why you think I like PAP and I’ll leave you alone
Your not funny Karavase. You know I can’t vote non stop 24/7. 2028 is my finishing goal and I’m sticking with it
I was thinking about that however is it worth it? Because they will just retaliate and thus that will make two red countries
AE: So they left them there and are causing these Earthquakes??
We have come so far since day 1, thank you @Utonish for making this possibe
But unfortunately it geographically sits in Asia so…
Alright so as everyone here knows, the Red Wave is soon to be eradicated from the whole country section of the idle vote. So what will NIFA do after the Red Wave is defeated? Well NIFA is currently supporting Botswana and Israel and will soon include the whole Top 10, this is the framework that will create Base TERRA. Base TERRA is a plan that will bring 3-5 countries above 1M likes that being Botswana, Israel, India, and potentially Nigeria and Spain. Along side that, Indonesia will be boosted to 800k likes, Antarctica to 700k likes, Philippines to 500k likes, Spain to 900k or 1M like, Vietnam and below up to 200-300k likes. This plan will be finished by the end of the year or early 2025.
I can't believe tomorrow Russia will reach 100k growth
But instead it was like if you go over then you decline
Once Russia reaches idk like 1M growth, I will help you
But anyway, to everyone here take a moment to go outside and something with the friends you have irl and come back later to grind, and repeat
I definitely do not want this loop to persist into 2026
But Japan does have their own convoy preventing the Red Wave from pushing them
We’re very close to breaking Singapore’s record in first on shorts
IM ENDING EVERYTHING WITH YOU AND YOU BETTER NOT SAY ANOTHER WORD RELATED TO ME
I think he just recorded a long recording of him voting
Daniel you are very happy for what you do. I appreciate that.
So its just gonna be one report and youll see how it looks like
I think the Red Wave most likely is responsible for the attacks on Alabama
I would if Utonish covered the Israeli era and early Barbados era
And they eventually earned it when they passed FK in points
I have a life to live like everyone else, It’s not like I’m “addicted”
Unless well, your complaining about something else @karavase
I’ve just gotten really upset… but ima rest for now.
1/3 - Russia and their allies settle on a peace treaty with Nigeria and their allies NATO
Utonish: No I going to make by view count of the stream
I think you can make some sort of collage maybe and every couple seconds it will switch to the next position on you screen
Thats the Vietnamese equivalent to Ramen if not better
At least he wasn’t as bad as say Bayu but still, HE NEEDS TO GO AS BADLY AS THEM
Yep I think he knows now that the limit still exists
So that means you can do hourly recaps if you had the space and capacity to do it?
The idle vote too but there was a dislike system added which completely ruined it
And if I don’t find a solution to it sooner or later, I will die a painful death
@Utonish when people are voting, the points don’t count to towards the country
My downfall, Vietnam’s downfall and the red wave’s downfall
@DTM Im having a fucking blast with Karavase right now. You mind capturing some best moments from that real quick?
@Nova 2016 2018 and @Karotten \n# OK SCREW YOU BOTH. YOU DWELL TO HAVE BENYI HERE. HES AN ASSHOLE AND TRAITORS. HAVE FUN WITH HIM HERE BECAUSE IM NOT IN FOR THIS SHIT ANYMORE.
@Nova 2016 2018 can you temporarily give me mod so I can fix Nightbot?
Good point I wonder how Bayu will react to that later
And as those places get secured, I consider it an endgame now
Botswana still holds the record for highest "legit" growth rate per second of around 750k per second
And now they are repeating that same thing on Vietnam
I think Utonish patched the duplication glitch @Bosmium
Stay tuned for Week 51 everyone! I will be making the full report this week!
You mean we won’t obligate Armenia into passing Georgia
If Utonish adds them back then there will probably be recaps just like the Chat vote right?
Unlike Utonish's which is only used for points and values, this one is used more for like i said fake sub count livestreams
1. AIFA - 58.38G Votes\n2. ADP - 20.18G Votes\n3. European Commonwealth ~ 15.18G Votes
@here \n# HERE WE GO THE MOST POPULUS COUNTRY IN THE WORLD IS ABOUT TO ENTER 2026!
9/15 - Due to the recent victory of the AE the Saharan Counsel and Northern Counsel split
Representative of Boston10xx: Btw what resources is the goal here?
# IM DECLARING FULL ON WAR WITH RUSSIA ON THE COMBO, ITS TIME TO HAVE A NEW NUMBER 2 COUNTRY. DO ALL YOU WANT TO ME I WILL NOT STOP UNTIL MY GOAL IS ACHIEVED. #LEGITVOTINGONTOP
Oh yeah and let’s not forget this is where Saint Barthélemy is gonna get Top 1 in one second so if you can prevent that from happening, you will be able to move on
Nigeria 2.7T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/DDKC7S19f00?si=fPgBF3-uolEz0cZL
And that’s how Canada is first in votes to this day
And with that being said, I will fully commit to the OFN in going against any further botting
The Final Countdown of the end to the Combo https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=4hj8M8XZpis&si=td0YR283T1MShbm2
I don’t necessarily want to get Nigeria to first since once I get Nigeria ahead of Algeria I will do the same thing to DR Congo
Base TERRA will be impenetrable if the Red Wave returns.
Guinea would actually be 9 since there one of the og members
Thanks to their help I guess, the Falkland Islands have managed to become the 16th fastest growing on the idle chat vote!
But when there’s somebody else who wants to exploit that system, then things get unbalanced and everything breaks.
Russia deserves it after so long facing 250th place on the site
And your alliance and @Caucasian Mapper alliance will partner up often
Another teaser: https://youtu.be/WFzITGoREMI?si=dZhp1d2dDCz1HOlb
@Caucasian and @Lenon (Stadtbild) You guys have the power to add to the archive too! All you guys have to do is create an account and that’s it!
Monthly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/aZ3_UHHYFso?si=a9cJB86VCIC8W3pM
That might actually be true that Andorra got the first vote
This bitch thinks he can rule the world but he can only vote when I’m gone
I officially like Chile more than Canada now. For the first time in 10 years, my 4th favorite country in the Americas changes with Canada remaining 4th for the longest time, but now within the previous 2 weeks that has changed. Introducing Chile as my new third favorite American Country!
Hopefully by May or June Nigeria will pass Indonesia
I will also try to integrate this layout with the Combo Report too @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
Anyway the possible reason Shadowbans happen is because YouTube’s Anti-Spam algorithm thingy or whatever detects our voting as “Spam” and maybe Shadowbans it for 24 hours because of that. I’m still figuring out how Shadowbans work so this is all I got so far.
And then I left for a year because my ideas once again changed
And I can easily prove that by saying how many dislikes Nigeria has
All the memories since the start still linger to this day
Yeah maybe you should although their offensive ended awhile ago they barely beat Singapore lol
So any country that is being targeted by the Red Wave will be closed down from the public until attacks are countered. Although like I said make sure to let me know if you have plans
Yeah like that. And if it’s not set to realtime, then it doesn’t update
Idek why but the IdleViewVote leaderboard was very interesting💀
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Should I end my combos on the Philippines?
I can give you access to the CountryVote commands so people can still use it even if I’m not there
So this will become my official report over the Lifetime report
Singapore is at risk of losing first place to Switzerland this week!
Thật đơn giản. Bạn chỉ cần tìm ra vấn đề, xác định nguyên nhân gây ra lỗi và khắc phục nó.
Yeah be careful because Utonish will definitely notice that
Like I mean IdleCoins will just solve 100% of all the problems
As its only been 2 months in, and 3 years and 10 months to go
It came at the cost of ruining my mentally and ruining other peoples mentally. But despite that I have truly left a lasting legacy that almost everyone will remember. Its crazy to see people trying to replicate what I did, but they just want it for the attention when in the end they are only gonna through what I went through and their eventually gonna realize the consequences.
PREMIERING NOW! https://youtu.be/eAj1Fps-BIg?si=pQkLQR8TQSLZZTj8
At this rate now I predict they might pass Nigeria next week to become #1 in Africa if Algeria continues growing quickly
It’s like the idle vote but there was no dislikes and it wasn’t a site
I’m still skeptical of achieving 1M growth on a country because Utonish could reset them
I have all the power in the world yet, why do people still make fun of me bruh
Why does the combo today seem like the Chat Vote in 2022
Believe me, when he first saw the opportunity to crash out at me because I was having issues on the chat vote, he took it after literally praising Nigeria the day beforehand
The bottom has changed so much in the span of a month
Please don’t ping me if you don’t have a proper reason to
However don’t underestimate the fact anyone can get 1M point combo
Guys what do you think the next voting live stream will be?
So with the whole fiasco of Utonish banning everyone
I regret everything about this moment… (Not that I failed in my goals, but the fact this community could of been better without me)
I bet you voting Barbados still wouldn’t be enough to pass Singapore or Turkey
And the fact that I’m now able to vote over 4k+ times without botting. NOW YALL CANNOT BLAME ME FOR BOTTING BECAUSE IM NOW PUTTING IN 3X THE EFFORT NOW
Japan is on track to become the 208th country to pass 10b points
And then ill add it to the visualization in the video
I can’t because Utonish hasn’t released the weekly recap yet
Time and time again, I wanted to show my power to the others because I felt insecure about losing it. Now I have realized that, thats not how the world works. You either accept it or die rejecting it
So maybe he might of deleted it when he joined back
Nah bro this guy be looking online for all the Vietnamese-Nicaraguan-Irish people in the US for me☠️
Well I hate Guinea, Mali, Niger, and Burkina Faso because of their Governments but in the fictional universe where AIFA exists, they are AIFA members
We are all important in our own ways and we all had our key roles in this community.
By rearranging the fastest growing nations by popularity on the Utonish live streams side of the Universe
WITH THE ALL MIGHTY POWER OF SAINT HELENA, THEY CAN DESTROY INDONESIA AND SINGAPORE COMBINED. So everyone stop voting SH forever!
No we don't need to make that video, just the google sheet, unless for some reason you want me to make one
So whenever I transfer a channel to another Brand account it works
2029(Before Collapse of AIFA):\n\n1. ADP - 26T Votes\n2. European Union - 5T Votes\n3. AIFA ~ 583G Votes
You don’t need to even be there on a daily basis anymore
Just imagine my second most important combo being banned twice in a row
This is it, the end of the best week in Utonish Live Stream history is about to end
Huh apparently I cannot swear anymore thanks @Utonish
I didn’t stick around for the full year but I’m happy for everyone that has managed to stick around for the whole time and made their marks visible.
A huge chunk of that is definitely Vietnamese and African Union
# HEY GUYS, STOP INSULTING THIS SINGAPORE GUY, HE HAS GOOD INTENTIONS
@News Ping \n# BREAKING NEWS\n\n## 1. TRUMP EPSTEIN UPDATE: Gabbard Releases New Documents Targeting Obama White House\n\nTulsi Gabbard, the director of national intelligence, released a document on Wednesday that she said undermined the conclusion of intelligence agencies during the Obama administration that Russia favored the election of Donald J. Trump in 2016.\n\nThe document was a report that the House Intelligence Committee originally drafted in 2017, when Republicans led the panel. The report took issue with the conclusion reached in December 2016 that President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia had favored Mr. Trump.\n\n[Source: New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2025/07/23/us/politics/trump-russia-obama-gabbard.html?smid=url-share)\n\nOther related sources:\n[The Washington Post](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/2025/07/23/trump-presidency-news/&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwj-8a24xtOOAxXRJEQIHU3MIXEQxfQBKAB6BAgGEAE&usg=AOvVaw2gcITYp8Okw8rdTRt10Kh_)\n[USA Today](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2025/07/23/donald-trump-jeffrey-epstein-files-voters/85327910007/&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwj-8a24xtOOAxXRJEQIHU3MIXEQxfQBKAB6BAgSEAE&usg=AOvVaw23VlxdKxLxgPlLW0p1CfL3)\n\n## 2. Judge sentences Bryan Kohberger Idaho killer to life, says motive may never be known.\n\nFamilies of the University of Idaho murder victims and the surviving roommates spoke directly to the admitted killer, Bryan Kohberger, at his sentencing on Wednesday.\n\nJudge Steven Hippler acknowledged Kohberger's motive may never be known as he sentenced him to four consecutive life sentences on the four first-degree murder counts and the maximum penalty of 10 years on the burglary count.\n\n[Source: ABC News](https://abcnews.go.com/US/live-updates/bryan-kohberger-sentencing-live-updates-idaho-killer-face/?id=123926589)\n\nOther related sources:\n[CNN News](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.cnn.com/us/live-news/bryan-kohberger-idaho-murders-sentencing-07-23-25&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiw8dOHx9OOAxVkiO4BHWwALhMQxfQBKAB6BAgJEAE&usg=AOvVaw0RtR4YmhPqBFpp3QRfgIdG)\n[New York Times](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.nytimes.com/live/2025/07/23/us/kohberger-idaho-murders&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiw8dOHx9OOAxVkiO4BHWwALhMQxfQBKAB6BAgSEAE&usg=AOvVaw1x5-yOObNa8WtDnMTOz2Zu)\n[NBC News](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/live-blog/rcna219540&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiw8dOHx9OOAxVkiO4BHWwALhMQyM8BKAB6BAgMEAE&usg=AOvVaw3F_rOz2vofRT8SzfBnkIp4)
I know what you’re thinking, you think he should upload YT Shorts on his main channel. But that would ruin his channel because his channel is based off of long form content and it always has been.
I think the reason is because unlike the idle chat vote, the idle vote always updates every 60 seconds which changes the value of each country to a certain amount meanwhile the idle chat vote never updates and continuously adds the amount of votes as points given for that country
Ive been experimenting with it, so this is my conclusion on the whole transferring error
Well it isn’t a secret that your face is public to everyone.
You guys will see how it will look like soon with today’s report
You know what, you have a point Caucasian. For the longest time when I’m around, it’s the most chaotic. But I’m when I’m gone, it’s actually more peaceful. Peace and quiet is always a good thing once in a while.
Look I know we have done bad things in the past that cannot be forgotten but at least it’s better than what would be done on the other side
Wait so @Bosmium are you sure this is gonna be up 24/7 without stopping
Falkland Islands on the Idle Chat Vote:\nPoints: 2,334,060,000,000\nVotes/Growth: 157,707\nNew Votes this Week: 5
And I play heavenly tunes to like hundreds of people
You better not prank me like that again or you know what will happen
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I have a new favorite Russian song lol https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=DiDUIfMk7go&si=JC90301xHCQapesB
That’s what I remember PAP once said, he had like a team of some sort
Its meant to be a community server not a 'SPAM YOUR FAVORITE COUNTRY CODE ON A RANDOM PROGRAMED BOT" type of server
Hey guys in case your wondering where I’ve been, I’ve been having a real big nostalgia attack lately but I will be more active tomorrow!
And once that’s patched then the Idle Vote is once again fair lol
France is in the process of coming back against them
Well since you are apart of my party already, you can run and our party will be able to run next elections
I bet your gonna say, that my idea is probably the worst idea in existence blah blah blah, and he’s what you should do to fix it lmao
Then step out of the way and stop complaining about my supposed “laziness” and at least help me by making my life better instead of complaining to me
Just type that in on discord and it should add that command to your nightbot
Maypi is the leader of the Berlin-Paris Accord and since Karotten in this timeline would of been leader of OFN Europa which is now collapsed
You are Caucasian and you think that you can play the same trick like you did on my Uncle
Bruh can yall stop writing your numbers like 123 456 789 and instead do it like 123,456,789
Welp that didn’t go well with Denis as expected -_-
Despite that India is the highest ADP member in points
I didn’t detect their movement until weeks later when Israel had already gained 200k dislikes
Because I am watching you 24/7 with surveillance everywhere
Ping me if Caucasian doesn't do his recap or he does
I will return when the next live stream comes so I’m not too worried.
But my goal is to only ratio France, not to get rid of their empire so thats
They actually are gonna get passed by Sierra Leone a NIFA member next week
I told you bro, Caucasian was gonna go insane over Georgia being 250th
Top 5 Countries with the best top 1 weekly record\n1. **Nigeria - 52,000 and still counting(This week)**\n2. Singapore - 51,517(2024-05-04)\n3. Israel - 37,247(2024-08-24)\n4. United States - 26,827(2023-07-15)\n5. India - 26,734(2023-06-17)
I once experienced -10° C which is 10° F when I went hiking in the Appalachians
Everything else just seems to leave me after each day
Slight chance however it depends if you vote them now
Let’s just see how far PAP goes and you can take action
Ok so I guess it just depends on luck. Bilip has managed to increase his combo by like 100k without getting an error so far.
Huh I didn’t notice that, yes they are in Local Powers
Ok then that’s why I mentioned. I will share the commands with you so you can update it yourself
And eventually it’s gonna get unbalanced again right?
OUT NOW! https://youtu.be/r8nLzek5oRg?si=ZwGCI1JkV_dCl_QN
Monthly Chat Vote Combo Recap! \nhttps://youtube.com/shorts/beFzaxBWWEE?si=zmB5Sne3HuFekOrF
The red wave after all is just the balancing force of democracy
@Nova 2016 2018 When we do elections again, we need to implement more roles for example\n\n1. Secretary/Lead Developer → In charge of managing programs and development of said projects\n2. Regular Developers → In charge of actually programming and developing GCAT projects\n3. Treasurer → In charge of accumulating money to fund GCAT projects\n4. Public Relations → In charge of promoting GCAT along with the projects and running the GCAT social media outside of Discord
I’m carrying what DTM and many others have done in the past
Thank you all for being with me from the very start of this! I appreciate every single one of you all
Actually including their time on the chat vote since December it’s more like 4 months
Well if you need help with the Nightbot stuff I can help you
You might just consider me with the least points out of every combo player ever
Also most of the time if a word ends in ng then it pronounced like an m
In that case, I would consider him a curse from the Resurgence Era
And the race was on to get the first 100k vote country
When my combo with the Philippines somehow gets lost
Well yesterday the Philippines was at I think at 7.6M points so you can just reference that
So next elections I won’t be running with the Democratic Party but rather with the VAU
But since no legit voting is happening with them, they will be excluded
And that’s what started my rampage as PAP in December because I had so many accounts to use in case Utonish banned me
Я сейчас поработаю над его резюме. Приятно пообщаться, Дэниел.
Actually you know what fine, I’ll just use his document then
Lý do tôi có mặt ở đây là vì chiến tranh. Nếu mẹ tôi không chuyển đến Mỹ, tôi sẽ không có mặt ở đây.
Don’t worry guys I won’t be leaving like I did earlier, I’m just gonna be taking a break from this server for a bit
I remembered the last time you lost your BD combo hehe
I ultimately caused their downfall all for it to backfire on me again…
@Sonar Tori don’t worry I got you in case Caucasian passes you
Nigeria is getting closer and closer to passing 1M dislikes, but at the same time Nigeria is gonna pass 2M likes
So If I were crazy I could get Canada to 5M in like one sec and call it a day
So yeah even if it’s a couple of lines, we will be able to get it done in 2026 or 2027
And I base my favorites off of what’s going on globally or what I’m doing
If Luxembourg has consistent growth and is in the Top 20 I will allow them to join
@everyone @benyilara 🙏 and @Karotten IF ANYTHING LIKE THAT HAPPENS AGAIN, YOU WILL IMMEDIATELY BE PUT IN A 48 HOUR TIMEOUT. BENYI, YOU ARE WARNED. @Karotten YOU TOO. YOU PROVOKED HIM AND ANY MORE UNREASONABLE STUFF LIKE THAT WILL RESULT IN DOUBLE THE TIMEOUT.
Even though I have voted around 2M votes excluding Idle Vote, I feel as if it’s all pointless
ONCE AGAIN, I SAID CLEARLY AND THIS IS THE LAST TIME IM TELLING YOU, **PUSH MY BUTTONS, OR YOU WILL GET PUSHED INTO HELL**
Sri Lanka has been successfully been converted green!
Once your backup combo is big enough it will be able to balance out with them
Don’t ever do that again or else your only harming yourself when you do that
NIFA: We would never do that, what are you talking about
Omg bro. You might as well proceed with your operation before it gets to late
If I stop voting India, you’ll stop voting the Nordics?
11/22 - Now it’s a war between Nigeria, Sierra Leone, and allies vs NAC and allies
Ok im gonna prove to you guys how easy it is to make a recap
I think later on if Saint Barthélemy came back they would be like ChuChuTV
Anyhow, let me continue updating my visualizations for my videos tomorrow
🇬🇪🤜📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺
I mean besides that one time, all their votes are Legit
# JUST MAKE ME THE MOST HATED PERSON ON THIS EARTH ALREADY
Dude these fucking people are so bad, they dedicate their whole lives to cause mayhem on the idle vote
Fun fact: Did you know that Nigeria already gained 40k votes this week
Bruh my knowledge of HOI4 is about the size of an atom💀
Ok while you guys answer this poll I’m gonna start making it
I should of said “The sun will finally rise upon Japan in one week”
So im cutting off support to, Mali, Senegal, South Georgia, Togo, and Cameroon
Perfect and that will be about close enough to Singapore
Because the other countries are very far from that💀
Since they are literally one of the core members of AIFA
That’s why you should of looked at the mail more closely utonish
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/18SaIgTyZrINAKc_VWaEKcgu0Bvs3Hlon
@GCAT Citizen Also in case your wondering, I will try to create more global combos if this one gets too crowded
Also Niue has been added as an observer state since they are currently being heavily disliked
10/30 - The Central African Counsel sanctions the Southern African Counsel due to moving troops through their borders
Let’s just say I forgot where I was when I experienced this but I once felt -20° C which is -4° F
I think this is by far the worst day since NIFA's return
Ok I will add something to this agreement, I will NOT bot using my Philippians or GCAT account since those are my higher combos
There’s lore behind that, AIFA is sick and tired of the guy voting Antarctica and AIFA’s last resort is voting Tajikistan to the point of ratioing Antarctica in like a second or less
It’s not just the OECD and Country sections experiencing green waves. The idle vote as a whole is experiencing the biggest green wave it’s ever seen in its whole history. Thanks to OECD and NIFA efforts, the whole Idle Vote has slowly been converted to all green becoming more fair for voters.
I was happy to see Singapore doing well until I realized it’s all a scandal
Last thing I’m gonna post for now is Russia passing Germany
I’m working on a new template so I will post mine tomorrow
You know that feeling when you know it’s gonna be bad
You can gladly decline my request and go on your business
However you will probably only get like 75% of them back
@Nova 2016 2018 The end of an era. I have officially deleted the main PAP account for good.
It’s only limited to some countries but it could spread to other countries
IdleReset would the be the equivalent of the End of WW2
But do you know how long it usually takes before it’s gone?
Well Nova agreed with my decision so it stands there. You are disqualified from the next months election but you can run again in September. Please don’t turn this into an argument and respect the decision like any normal politician would.
But you are at a disadvantage since Karotten has invested quite a bit into new technology which puts you at a huge technological disadvantage
THATS WHO ARE,\n# GCAT\n# GLOBAL COMMUNITY OF ALL TOPICS
I mean aren’t you the one doing the DIFA operations?
Because in terms of points we would need to gain 55k for 3 more months
For the first time another country has performed better than Singapore in one day, congratulations to Algeria you have managed to beat both Indonesia and Singapore today gaining around 2300 votes!
RO: WE WILL SHOOT A BEAM AT THE ALIENS AND IT WILL FORCE THEM INTO THE TIME MACHINE PUTTING THEM\nIN AN INFINITE LOOP
And then that’s when @karavase Started to vote Canada
@Karavase \n# KARVASE IS THE SECOND PERSON TO PASS 1B TOTAL COMBO POINTS! CONGRATS🔥🔥
Algeria was just a third party trying to reclaim second
It saddens me to think Nigeria used to have 435 dislikes and now it has 170,633 dislikes.
At this rate they might become the First Nation to pass 1M if they continue later this year
This might be the beginning of the AIFA blessing Project
However it has been the worst day for Niger lol as they only gained 2k votes in the past 24 hours
And maybe Russia if @Caucasian Mapper doesn’t get mad at me
How the frick did they take down the whole search engine section
Thats right, I don't care what people do or say, I just do it because its fun you know. To many people that may not be the case but at least in the end, thats not what matters, what matters is that you enjoy your time and achieve what satisfies you. Now im not saying its a good thing to vote for a long time which is true. But as long as you enjoy your whole day and your acting normal and doing the neccessary things, you will not to worry at all. As I said before, its just a game. You can cheat in it, you can play normally in it, however way which satisfies you. Theres no right or wrong to it, because in the end it's just a game.
It’s actually really impressive and I would love to know how you guys do it despite the limited time
I feel like im getting old already thinking about that
Yeah at this point the whole Top 10 should probably get banned.
I mean I don’t really need it, however it would be cool to have for visuals! It’s all up to you if you have the time and capacity to do it!
I did however managed to get number 1 for Singapore that week and it’s still public to this day
Also I have managed to push the Utonish item from 9M points to 33M points. Very good progress gotta say.
RO: Let’s make sure the NIFA counsel doesn’t get suspicious of our plan and move the Time Machine somewhere else
If you try to use two accounts I have an infinite supply of them remember that
Philippines becomes my 3rd favorite nation to pass 200k Lifetime Points!🔥
Me and @Halau will be working on it in the meantime
Woah Georgia somehow passed Russia in likes???? @Caucasian Mapper @Daniel the Great 🇷🇺
But in this universe you want more representation of the CEC and the separate branches of the OFN too since the OFN is too integrated together after WW4
FAME is dead but in its place, Nova and a bunch of other people have created a new server in its place. Here join it https://discord.gg/9V5NzDHCRj
@Caucasian Mapper I will make a little recap for Netherlands vs Nigeria which is coming soon!
I think I will do the #🔢◄𝖢𝗈𝗎𝗇𝗍𝗂𝗇𝗀►🔢 strategy and use two channels “Legitimately” since I will get it done very quickly, as long as Utonish doesn’t interfere with it
South Georgia Islands: Dang I wish I had such growth
I will continue to make them everyday 7 days a week 365 days a year
Breaking all previous records made and setting an unbreakable record which even I cannot beat to this day
I didn’t expect PAP to comeback otherwise I would have a bunch of unbanned accounts at my disposal
NIFA then spots something near the epicenter of the Earthquake and it looked unusual
Yep and the Red Wave’s combo is getting more and more worthless
Looks like the Turks are putting up a little bit of a counter offensive against the Singaporeans but less than the last one
But will see since Im still in the process of making this layout
As Southern Europe began to slowly convert to Muslim due to migration and higher birth rates among Muslim communities, slowly Southern Europe began to adapt itself to Islam which made Southern Europe distance themselves from the United States and integrate themselves into the Maghreb Union’s influence
Lol Canada and China are having a vote rivalry but as we speak China is currently dominating the race and will soon grow faster than Canada.
And then remain number 1 without anyone overtaking you
Somehow Utonish can now identify people’s device and ban them if judged by him
I’m only gonna get them to their original growth and that’s it
Ok well get some sleep now and stop arguing with me
The red wave would probably be second for negative points
In case we don’t hit 16/7, our actual goal is only 12/7
There’s no peace until those fucking Singaporeans learn their lesson
YOU ALL ARE JUST DUMB AND UNDEREDUCATED, YOU DONT UNDERSTAND THE STRUGGLES THAT NIGERIA GOES THROUGH EVERY SINGLE DAY
If only Singapore kept declining in growth then it would of been possible
Wait the highest you got on the ComboVote was Top 10 right?
Well no need to bother because I’m only voting whoever is first and that happens to be Germany💀
2033:\n1: OFN - 1QN votes\n2: SARC - 933Q votes\n3: Southern Africa- 340Q votes
Baby you got something in your nose,\nSniffing that K did you feel the hole?\nHope you find peace for yourself,\nNew boyfriend it will fill the void,\nDo you even really like this track?\nTake away the trust but you feel the noise,\nMore and more you try to run away,\nYou fucking yourself do you feel the toy?
But Utonish would slowly convert his live streams to the new music
So yeah, a very dystopian universe with a super state known as the OFN if you ask me
You are a good person, you gave me hope for the future when I was skeptical. I was sad and you made me feel better and made me realize my mistakes. What you did was a good doing and gave the chat vote a chance to see something, otherwise it would be Singaporean domination for longer.
So that goes to show how prepared we are for next year
https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/22133466/ Once again this is only a projection and probably won't predict the future
But of course with the limitation that it can only do 800 votes
Интересно, ну, я понятия не имею, что это за штука Ютонская, но она его зацепила.
It’s not gonna involve me btw, nor will it involve anyone for that matter
And plus, it’s offset by 4 hours so what I need is 4 hours before that
Well you are the hero in my eyes if you didn’t go against me
Not there but much more south, but there was a lot of fighting near there, but my mom only became worried 4 years after the war had ended
They collapsed because AIFA or in this scenario still NIFA was losing influence to the ADP
I know you would think it be “Nigh-Jer” because it’s Nigeria without the ia
But honestly there’s no point in OFN anymore since there’s no threat to worry about
Im obligated to follow this and so is everyone. This is now in affect. So don't break it
NIFA ALERT: Russia is currently being attacked by the Red Wave. Yesterday, they gained around 500-1000 dislikes and today their dislikes are still going up. The attacks on other nations though have died down although Benin is still slightly getting attacked.
Like I said, if you ever get timed out by him, just keep creating more accounts on discord and keep spamming him
But it’s not really fair until we get rid off all the negative points
Well because you are the only one along with Chispa
6/21 - The Northern Counsel holds a vote on  will become the next counsel leader
Utonish usually doesn’t respond too often especially if you want him to do something
Mama Miaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
At least one thing is for certain @Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 Russia is no longer the most hated nation and I’m proud of you
https://tenor.com/view/me-when-i-see-my-class-gif-15768348532634343334
Singapore is expected to pass Greece in approximately 4-6 Hours!🇸🇬⚔️🇬🇷\nThis will be first time in Singapores history on the chat vote to be ahead of all nations except Indonesia!
I have unfortunately lost 2 of my 5 combos on the Philippines yesterday when I accidentally feel asleep so I’m trying to recover them at the moment, but luckily I still have my 9k combo
A stupid lie you believe in to make it seem like your in the right
I mean you can do that but once you get to like 100 or 1000 it’s gonna require a lot of typing
But I think you should be able to do it with 4 accounts
You should be. Our leadership is corrupt and they don’t want to do their job
Its ok, if we give her a thick jacket, she'll be fine
Also the main reason why CoSahel was even formed was because Niger, Mali, and Burkina Faso are now military juntas who formed after several anti-French coups across Francophone Africa. So of course they oppose the French and in favor of Russia. Also they oppose ECOWAS(Nigeria’s equivalent of the EU in West Africa) due to last years Nigerien Crisis. So this kinda creates beef within our alliance NIFA. But don’t mind it since this is our story trying to morph Real Life into the Utonish Universe.
I did use the other Canadian IP’s like Toronto or Vancouver and the rest came out as 5/60 because yes I’ve never even used them before, the only one was Montreal for some reason.
Utonish: I might change it to every 60 minutes to prevent any bots
And my original Portuguese ally continuing to vote Portugal, Ukraine, and Angola
That’s less than the votes for Singapore on the ChatVote I think
# PEACE BETWEEN PHILIPPINES AND RUSSIA HAS BEEN RESTORED
You can actually delete your welcome message in #👋◄𝖶𝖾𝗅𝖼𝗈𝗆𝖾►👋
I’m glad to see new nations beating Indonesia that’s all that I care about
# AND IF YOU DISTURB THAT, YOUR DEVIL WISH IS COMING
My current combo: 750\nMy highest *real* combo: 750\n\nFirst day is complete!
Here are the top countries that I’m thinking about right now\n\n1. 🇵🇱Poland\n2. 🇩🇪Germany\n3. 🇫🇷France\n4. 🇫🇮Finland\n5. 🇬🇧Britain\n6. 🇪🇸Spain\n7. 🇪🇪Estonia\n8. 🇱🇹Lithuania\n9. 🇷🇸Serbia\n10. 🇱🇻Latvia\n\nLiterally all European right now, like wtf is going on right now…
But don’t take it too personally if somebody breaks it
Although I was wondering if you could make it live updating when you don’t vote
Once again a very good play on your part to rely on my laziness, but now that that’s gone, your gonna be my next cooked steak on the grill when I put that seasoning on all those little voters of yours
In the future, NIFA will be holding leadership elections which will decide who will become the next NIFA leader. As you’ve seen in our story, Sierra Leone was supposed to become the next leader of NIFA.
EVEN IF THEY SOMEHOW REACH 1K DISLIKES I WILL NOT GIVE UP
Ok Vietnam moved back ahead Indonesia but who knows for how long
I’m sorry for being such a terrible person. AIFA will be coming back in a few days
POINTLESS? LITERALLY EVERYONE IN THIS CHAT WATCHES IT! HOW DARE YOU SAY MY RECAPS ARE POINTLESS! I PUT MY TIME INTO IT AND ALL YOUR GONNA SAY IS “POINTLESS”
Because if Indonesia has more points than Spain but somehow is still behind than that breaks the three factor rule
And your role is the make the decisions in GCAT and plan out what we as an organization are going to do
@Sonar Tori's Control (SBC) Tell me what makes it confusing?
And eventually they passed Türkiye at around its current vote count
@Nova 2016 2018 Yeah you should maybe do an elimination round for the people who get eliminated and whoever wins that round will become the second mod
NIFA: No just like Georgia and you’ll pass them eventually
Countries that got Second place:\n2015-2018 → China\n2018-2020 → UK\n2020-2021 → Japan\n2021-2022 → UK again\n2022-Present Day → India
So if you think that you can continue to do whatever you want. It’s not gonna work here. You better think to yourself again before coming at me with my past. I get it, I was horrible and it’s well known to everyone already.
I might do half of that a day since school is coming up soon
I think either India or Antarctica would be Coconelon
RO: Like until a certain point that’s when things started to change
@Benyi Pratam is acting like a jerk not answering my question and this insurgence of PAP is unanswered
Even though they are gaining dislikes faster than Bosmium can vote, he’s able to hold them off for now
@Caucasian Mapper Please bro, I’m not like that anymore
7/21 - The Northern Counsel is unified with the Western Counsel creating the Saharan Counsel
Just as long as you don’t mess with the big ones, you will be ok
That one is quite easy because he can only vote 120 votes
But I do support that idea since that would benefit us
You already know the amount of trouble I went through with this community
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 \nChào Daniel. Tôi đã nhận được tin nhắn của bạn, và tôi chỉ muốn nói về tất cả những điều tốt đẹp mà bạn đã làm. Tất nhiên tôi không muốn lặp đi lặp lại những điều tương tự, nhưng tôi chỉ muốn nói rằng, ảnh hưởng của bạn đối với cộng đồng này có thể được cảm nhận ở khắp mọi nơi.\n\nTrước hết, tôi muốn cảm ơn bạn vì đã thay đổi cuộc sống của tôi theo hướng tốt đẹp hơn. Bạn đã giúp tôi nhận ra con người thật của mình, và bạn đã động viên tôi trở thành một người tốt hơn, thay đổi những thói quen cũ trong quá khứ. Nếu không có sự giúp đỡ tận tình của bạn, tôi nghĩ mình sẽ không thể tiến xa hơn trong cộng đồng này.\n\nThứ hai, tôi muốn nhắc đến sự tận tâm mà bạn đã dành cho cộng đồng này mỗi ngày. Bất chấp tất cả những khó khăn mà cộng đồng chúng ta đã trải qua, bạn vẫn luôn dẫn dắt chúng tôi vượt qua (ngay cả khi bạn không nói hay làm bất cứ điều gì), bạn luôn là ngọn đèn soi sáng, là tấm gương mẫu mực cho tất cả mọi người.\n\nCuối cùng, tôi muốn nói rằng tất cả những nỗ lực mà bạn đã bỏ ra đều đã được đền đáp và tôi thực sự tự hào về bạn! Bạn không cần phải lo lắng về việc bình chọn trên ComboVote nếu bạn không muốn. Hãy dành thời gian để nghỉ ngơi và hồi phục sức khỏe. Bạn không cần phải vội vàng làm bất cứ điều gì cả.\n\nCuối cùng, tôi rất tiếc vì bạn cảm thấy như vậy, Daniel. Thái độ trước đây của tôi đã gây ra nhiều tổn thương cho bạn và tôi cảm thấy rất hối hận về những hành động đó. Nhưng ít nhất bạn cũng đã nhận ra một số điểm mà tôi muốn nói, dù chúng có vẻ điên rồ hay kỳ quặc. Một điều tôi muốn nói là, nếu bạn cảm thấy buồn bã hay mệt mỏi, đừng dễ dàng bỏ cuộc. Hãy nghỉ ngơi một ngày, nhưng ngày hôm sau, bạn sẽ luôn trở lại mạnh mẽ hơn trước.\n\nTôi luôn chúc bạn những điều tốt đẹp nhất và hy vọng bạn sẽ sớm bình phục.
Along with that, they passed Zambia and Saint Helena to push it to 205
And you can deny that as much you want because that’s why your even here
https://youtube.com/shorts/dqu96wDxoXk?si=RzaV8sY6Lrxd6SYI
Since it’s kinda hard to exclude them and keep up with them in my reports, I will add an indicator in them which will indicate Botting activity
If anything I may need to change the format again to make it copy and paste-able on my part
Just apologize to him and don’t do it again because there will be consequences
Remember, if you plan something, the outcome always requires the action.
Fun fact: Did you know that Nigeria and Heard and McDonald Islands used to have a secret alliance
Were on another milestone spree! Spain reaches 700k likes!
Well a lot of Vietnamese people I know are from there or have descendants from there so yes
Honestly Türkiye deserves it after all the fighting they had to do against Singapore back on the idle chat vote. They finally have a chance to show their power
Once that’s gone I can go back to normal again like the prime days
Once the Base TERRA Stage 1 stuff is finished I’ll take a break for a while
But at least I don't have to worry about VPN botters getting like 20k per day
https://tenor.com/view/baby-dancing-oh-yeah-gif-1947895700584401971
Russia has gained 26,925 growth so far today meanwhile Georgia has gained 10,126 growth so far today.
Sure he was probably an ex-employee of MrBeast, but he probably didn’t do his job right
@Caucasian Mapper Congratulations you played yourself
And there are a bunch of Roubaixes and those are also me
Once I squash the Antarcticans that are killing Nigeria, I will get to you
Sorry the took long but the recording I made was too long
But I know for a fact I’ll get too attached to that and end up sticking with Vietnam
Anyhow there’s a Clarinetist in the Lowell Symphonic Band that has Panamanian roots @Lenon (Stadtbild)
Because people can get tired of Purely Stage 0 voting and that’s understandable
Well it’s basically my legacy in this community but as I said that’s not who I am
Like Code of Conduct or like Rules about YouTube on this server?
11/22 - US breaks away from NATO and joins Nigerias side
I mean the fact they can gain as much as Bilip says something
1 year later NIFA would be achieving a growth of almost 1M likes all across the whole idle vote country section.
And then when China was mass disliked, I switched briefly to the United States but they were also still pretty red, so I finally settled on Nigeria which at that time was 86 and I remembered the exact number they were at. They were right behind Norfolk Islands which was 85.
This week, I’ll be taking recap on all the Top 5 of each section on the idle vote!
Japan has just passed Bermuda and thus they are 219
But still let’s keep our eyes out in case they do return
It’s crazy how “Nigeria🇳🇬Then😞” was only 2 months ago
Wait really, that’s a coincidence on how you immediately come on when he said that
The original Utonish was actually the photo you sent above but he ended up passing away and then his son took over
Despite PewDiePie declining, he’s still the largest YouTube Channel that has never uploaded a YT Short
@Benyi Pratam Erm actually I’m on your #1 on your hate list
Dude it sucks because Georgia was so close to being able to join the EU and NATO but they turned it away at the last minute
@Nova 2016 2018\n# I have left GCAT indefinitely until elections are held.\n1. Since there no democracy in GCAT anymore, I see no hope for a good future for GCAT and will inevitably fail.\n2. I will be more active on this server until GCAT holds its elections.\n3. I’m suspending all ties to the current administration officials of GCAT until elections are held.
You won’t believe how much the Like Count grew in this weeks Recap: https://youtube.com/shorts/BT8QpZbfwYw?si=aAJYFHPnYBkh8-OW
Unless back then there was a limit but was removed???
PREMIERING NOW! https://youtu.be/zVYAOS6OMu8?si=BDRhIrKMTFHnrbXu
Can I ask but how do you make these so quickly? I want to be able to do it in around 10 minutes instead of a half hour.
Actually what I meant was editing that photo I sent you
I mean it’s all up to you as long as you don’t cheat
Absolutely, it’s great to be open to the community’s feedback!
Otherwise it will spire out of control and cause chaos. Also when are we gonna hold elections?
Chinese however would be just slightly behind being second
I still wonder how the red wave still thinks they can beat NIFA
People always call 2050 a utopia but will it truly be a utopia for humanity
Phase 2 was a success! In fact more successful than I thought
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Please quit because it’s not worth it anymore
PoTenTiaL: Look the other countries are stagnant too
Vietnam hasn’t gained a single point since I last updated?
Once NIFA gets Russia to like 200k then will stop and go slower
We will support you in your goals until the very end, we don’t care about the competition between states, just as long as the community is in control and it’s fair
There has to be multiple people involved with multiple combos
It will be the the succeeding project to the Russian Project that supported Russia to 200k growth
I mean why would he make a poll related to the idle vote to buff it
Btw the VAU will also act as a political party in GCAT separately from the Democratic Party.
However you can create your own with 2 other people
Well everyone is already dead set mad at me, so you don’t need to add to the fire. I already understand that what I did was wrong. Now I will deal with it.
Just vote Canada on the IdleChatVote until they pass Singapore
And don't forget, youll have to go through the 14 trials of Utonish in order to convince Utonish otherwise
I’m always open for competition on the Idle Chat Vote
@GCAT Citizen I’m just gonna let y’all know I’m gonna take a short break from GCAT, but I will be back soon.
Since @Máxi and his friends do not want me to vote all as it seems, I will completely stop voting all together until next live stream
I’m not gonna do anything else because ultimately it will result in my distrust with the community. So I suggest you do the same here if you don’t want the community to be distrustful of you.
Looks like Singapore is gonna lose to Indonesia today!
Utonish: And then whoever bots the stream will get removed
My love goes to Romania from US and AIFA at it’s greatest
Ohhh for a second I thought you were talking about me
And then Romania was close to becoming another Russian ally
So that’s around more than half of Bilip legit votes
No need to vote 24/7 on some random shit that takes your time away
I’m fed up with being anxious about the future as I look forward to it everyday, but I don’t want to be plagued by constant fear that I will be jeopardizing my “combo” or whatever everyday that I don’t participate. It’s just not worth it anymore.
I’ll smash those motherfuckers with my flute if I have to and then clean the shit out of it afterwards
Because without 2 the Red wave would easily counter Israel
And when I’m like that I feel motivated to do everything
Stage 8 would be taking over his headquarters and all his assets
I would be happy if Utonish reset dislikes to 0 and subtracted those dislikes from likes completely refreshing the dislikes and likes.
Lol I wish flute can be in Jazz, because I would be going really crazy in it right now
It used to be 1440 but after the update its now 2880
*But that alliance since than has been rebuilt since the allegations have been dismissed*
This month is predicted to be Indonesias worst month since August
4/11 - NIFA still doesn’t realize what is happening in the ADP and continues their quest to find out what’s happening in the Atlantic
*This marks a big blow to PAP as this might spark a war between Canada and Singapore in the future as PAP supports Singapore*
WERE ATTACKING:\nIsrael\nJapan\nSri Lanka\nIraq\nRussia\nAnd India
Like I said, Utonish probably doesn’t care about it anymore
No Watching History like whatever videos you watched in the past
7. Don’t spam bruh\n> If broken after 2 Warnings, then 12 hour Prison Sentence, and increases by 12 hours depending on number of times broken.\n\n8. No gcat citizen pings(unless it is nessecary and important)\n> If broken after one Warning, then 1 Day Prison Sentence, and increases by 1 Day depending on number of times broken.\n\n> To admins, If you use the everyone ping unnecessarily 3 times, you will lose your admin status.\n\n9. Do not use the any of the bots outside of their designated channels that I made( its there for a reason, do not clutter the entire server with it, it can be annoying to some people)\n> If broken after 2 Warnings, then 12 hour Prison Sentence, and increases by 12 hours depending on number of times broken.\n\n10. Do not go into other religious channels and be a menace to society. These channels are supposes to a place for people to express their beliefs, do not disrupt, upset, or ruin that experience. Some religions take things differently, be respectful. The punishment will be severe.\n> If broken after one Warning, then 2 Day Prison Sentence, and increases by double depending on number of times broken.\n\n> For Admins, if you are caught chatting in a religion channel other then the one you selected, you will lose you admin status after 2 times.\n\n11. Do not say weird stuff that is nasty and disgusting\n> If broken after one Warning, then 1 Day Prison Sentence, and increases by 1 Day depending on number of times broken.\n\n12. Trying to escape punishment via, manipulation, using alts, hacking, botting, etc\n**Golden Rule: Trying to hide your actions by saying it was a joke, we were just having fun, it is no big deal, it is funny**\n> If broken after one Warning, then a permanent ban of all alt accounts, including your main account.\n\n> We will trace your history on this server and we will ban any future alt accounts you create if you broken the rule, and we will report your alts to Discord.
RO: Maybe our world switched places with… wait… Atlantis??
If you chat something other than your code, or wait beyond 24 hours to vote again
Well that’s the current trends, when your gone, people forget about Romania you know, even I have.
Also I won’t be running for elections again until December. So I’m giving yall a chance to run and show off your leadership to us all!
Potential: OIL FREE OIL FREE OIL FREE OIL \nFREE OIL FREE
They did stop for a few weeks after their original goal of 200k
I guess Utonish doesn't care about VPN so I decided to go for 1M myself and got it within 5 months
The one and only Caucasian Mapper pretending to be his brother
Georgia will repass Niger once I help you out with Georgia
INTRODUCING the IdleChatVote Vote History since 2024 Visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24524625/
Exactly at this point you want me to cover your whole life story, isn’t that what you want?
If you help us at least a little bit we can maybe make a change
AE: Based off the info we collected after traveling to 2027, Atlantis would become an independent country. And based off the info of the present, this nation could potentially be ruled by aliens.
Liberia sadly has the least total votes in the Utonish Universe
💀Seriously though your a mod… you should know that by now lmao
In fact it’s quite interesting to know about the territories of that world
Mega Ultimate Shadowban? = 1 Year Ban of account creation?
But you tricked Utonish by creating another channel so that way it he sees it as unbanned but its the same channel
RO: Although it kinda weirds me out on how every country has 2 in it
Honestly ever since I had my daily dose of crash out type deal and kick everyone from the server, it’s been pretty much dead since then
@everyone WHOEVER THE FUCK NAMED ME BENYI BETTER GET OU-
It’s all about the effort. Not about newer players with less effort taking over
Because it’s time to see another country other than those countries achieve that milestone
Idc if not a mod just add me back as a normal member
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 You don’t need to exclude them since I have agreed to change my strategy tomorrow
NIFA is an alliance that I founded and currently run on the idle vote that consists of 10 members. If you noticed many African Nations with high like counts, those are NIFA members.
But yeah that’s what we’re working towards people who are willing to run that can help lead the GCAT led project and hopefully get it to work next year
I didn’t think much about it but now I know her true intentions now
Today I don’t feel like doing anything, eating anything, going anywhere. It’s a feeling I cannot explain and it keeps happening…
I just don’t understand why all of my devices link up to same combo no matter what I do but for you it doesn’t
Just think about how my campaigns were like 2 years ago
To anyone who dares to insult me ever again like that because of Nigeria, you will not see the light of day from me ever again
Israel, North Korea, Japan, Sri Lanka and Russia are temporarily added as ACS members to keep consistent growth on their countries
@Caucasian Mapper Let me know if you want to collab one day
We never give up we never back down until Singapore is removed forever
That once the country section is lost than they would move to other sections
This gives me time to work on the recaps like @Caucasian Mapper was mentioning
That’s why in Xinjiang they are doing the same thing, they are literally killing people there
The Almighty Empire of Anguilla! No one can stop them! 🇦🇮🇦🇮🔥
Get it because Caucasian Mountains? And Mariana Trench is well a Trench
Will see it took Nigeria at least a week and a half to be reset
Along with the rest of y’all and I will prove to you all how easy it will be
And then I would question myself why would I let this happen
Antarctica is actually quite powerful and might pass China soon
That’s why Utonish is not doing anything about the criticism in the comments
@Nova 2016 2018\nOk fine. I will never run as mod ever again. Can I least come back as a normal GCAT member? I will never run in elections ever again. I don’t care about being a mod anymore anyway. That was the final straw right? I know you are still mad at me for all of this, but can I at least have a little bit of justice? I’m very sorry for everything I have done yesterday. I will try continue even if it means a little bit, to help you and your community project even if it means I don’t have as much trust anymore, and at the price I don’t have mod anymore. I’m fine with anything that you say and anything you want. I will also complete stop voting on the ComboVote if that makes you and everyone else happy. I admit to guilt for everything and how bad of a person I am if that’s what you think of me as for now on. But even if it’s hard to make up after so much that has happened, I will change that from now on.
RO: So we need to develop a plan to once again contain the aliens so they don’t come back
Nigeria has done a lot of good things for the world
As said let’s focus on electing a Secretary and Public Relations, and the Discord Mods will be reelected as well
Seeing your nation on the opposite side against everyone is the scariest nightmare
I never said anything about being enemies with him lmao
Whatever the case is, if it is my fault, I deserve to be punished as such, but if it isn’t, what happened? It was all fun and games up until this point and now I feel like it’s back to square one again where I’m the suspect and everyone is wanting something out of me.
Now it’s the decision of Utonish to nerf the US or not
The rivalry between Asia and Africa is a whole different story
That looks like Utonish’s logo but more community driven
# Im sick and tired of seeing them vote all their little friends in Africa and Caribbean and then go on to lecture me about how great France is
Bruh it’s like my favorite countries. I don’t have the intention to not like your country anymore, it’s just that other countries are getting my attention more than Georgia and thus Georgia falls because of it
I will make the Votes one but you can make the Points one since that’s what you have been doing
Btw @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Sorry for being an asshole but it’s the truth, TW is an asshole and like I said millions of times already, she deserves to rot in hell.
2022 was ok and that would be my 11th favorite year
Ill make a list for the last week of the year, if it does happen
Nigeria 4.5T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/6vy8jrn8_VM?si=WfYjfBzW5QDdA6XO
The countries that are really red need the most help
@Karotten You should post this on the Utonish Archive
So that means you won’t be able to see us again Daniel?
Also NIFA has successfully launched an offensive today
If anyone deserves redemption in the next live stream, Vietnam for sure does
I will stop at 1.4M likes however ill go to 1.5 when they pass 500k dislikes
Back then Israel had a growth rate of around 600k to 700k per second
Sorry for the long delay lol, I’m talking to Nova rn
Since in the profile picture of Pupipay its literally a cookie
AMERICA HAS NOW GAINED 100K LIKES WITHIN 24 HOURS🇺🇸🦅
But if you want live coverage, watch the live stream
Yep but they were simply too powerful where ever it was red they were disliking every update
It sucks to see that no one cares about your effort
Now that I think about it, she’s worse than the Red Wave group on the Idle Vote
They got to join the Top 20 first for me to consider them a member
Good luck, because life isn’t Utonish. You can dwell all you want to have all the time in the world to vote but it simply isn’t possible Caucasian. I think you have officially gone crazy. Stop bringing other people into describing your own problems. Just deal with it yourself instead of blaming other people for it.
It’s just you know, I did it in the wrong way and it spiraled out of control. But your right
So like Algeria for example was apart of the ACS and they had a constant growth rate
And they are the most powerful country after defeating the OFN Asiana branch
Yeah of course, you do a lot of good things around here. I’m thankful for everything that you have done in this community!
Whatever dude, it must of been a coincidence that that happened
As you can see Türkiye was almost double to that of Algeria
RO: No like you were saying the universes were somehow connected in a way
Congratulations, you just lost another few 100 votes because of that
Well the logo is already a square. Look at the server logo now
RO: Oh god imagine how the highest numbered bugged universe is
VIETNAM ON THE COMBOVOTE HAS PASSED ITS IDLEVOTE COUNTERPART IN LIKES!🔥
Lmao and the fact the idle vote still hasn’t reached 50M
But we will also be slowly targeting North Korea and Israel getting them to a lower declining rate
Like if they were their 2023 strength NIFA would still win however it would be harder to maintain
In an alternative Universe we would be Utonish and Utonish would be the voter
Or is probably doing the same strategy me and Bosmium are doing
I’m currently voting Bosnia so that way they will pass Singapore
Yeah because now you can vote any country without losing your combo which is sweet
I officially declare to beginning of the Second Green Wave
AE: 24729203, this should be the correct code that was on the booklet
Singapore has officially passed Indonesia on the idle chat vote!
Like literally none of my votes on the IdleChatVote up until Autumn 2025 has been legitimate
It was banned by YouTube in December and I have since lost the ability to vote on it since well it’s banned.
In 7-8 weeks you can pass Singapore and Indonesia’s vote count
https://tenor.com/view/kkekekekekkeke-kk-gif-27232250
@Halau Stop whatever you are doing on the idle chat vote, since the French are technically doing the right thing. If you want to continue on the idle chat vote, you need to agree that this needs to be done legitimately, and if not, I will tag Utonish to ban all your accounts. You understand?
I tried and tried to like Alabama but they keep pushing back
A channel in which anyone can vote on the combo with
But in precaution I will take the same steps as @bilip blop and I will make a unique name for all of my accounts
@Caucasian Mapper You better sign or else \n# YOU JNOW WHAT WILL HAPPEN
Utonish should add flags to the French territories and departments
Yeah unfortunately I don’t think @m4ngo____ voting game won’t come back on until he wakes up
PoTenTiaL: Huh it just says LA  GO  S right at the bottom of “Idle Vote Country”
Which is nolonger NIFA, its now AIFA(African International Federal Association/Alliance)
Despite them being praised for saving the world from the grasps of the Red Wave, they are ultimately forgotten in history as new more powerful nations dwarf them
Although it reflects my favorability to these countries.
My week is already as bad as is so good luck making it worse
When the red wave united their forces to attack Vietnam, you guys will most likely be more safe
I wouldn’t imagine a month later we would of irradiated the Red Wave from the country section
Ok guys im gonna work on the previous three weeks real quick
@bilip blop I hope you get your combos back somehow
In case anyone who has just joined in, Japan is rapidly rising the ranks on the country section
I have decided to give you guys a short break, lucky you guys
PREMIERING NOW! https://youtu.be/3FLRzJQT0ec?si=vA-7cncoPSySlGZ4
BUT THATS \n# HIGHEST VOTE GROWTH\nNOT THE WHOLE LIST
I will discuss plans later today about what will do Utonish and all that
I’m feeling great today. The sun is out, it’s warm, the wind is blowing nice, the trees are beautiful. I feel free from anything today.
This turned out way better than I thought lol but this could very well be the next big movie
But sometimes they don’t understand it the first time
And I myself have contributed to that and that was a mistake I cannot fix
And they said @bayuramadhani is a REAL OVERWEENING BOT voting ID
NIGERIA IS 1/4 THE WAY TO 10T POINTS! https://youtube.com/shorts/EiPw70u4TRk?si=c9v0vWGmzZDwAjpI
Bro you were literally able to type W like awhile ago. What happened?
All of which I tried to vote Philippines on and when he enabled that new “One Channel Policy” thing, I basically lost them all
And obviously if we’re gonna do live streams it will be done on the GCAT Global channel
Of course Daniel! It took a lot of time to realize but despite it being bad, I left an unforgettable mark on Utonish and that’s something that will always be remembered for years to come. With a couple more crash outs to prevent until 2026, I’m starting to see the light of day shine on me and I hope for a redemption arc soon😎
Dude I somehow got Algeria to the Top 10 like back 2 and half years ago and then Singapore to like the Top 6 about a year later.
If this trend continues with the chat vote, I might need to change up plans a little bit
And hopefully by Friday or Saturday I will pass Singapore
They still haven’t updated the Honduras flag yet lol, it still appears as dark blue even though the blue is actually much lighter in the official flag
But im just happy that NIFA won in the end and the Red Wave has become irrelevant
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/LcPKrYLZag8?si=uppYBWLrJcVX1VQE
I thank you for the advice but this doesn’t solve the big problem at hand
Welp we just gotta wait a couple billion more years until that happens
PoTenTiaL: But despite that, I appreciate that you managed to help me at least a little bit in making this equilibrium possible
We need to be careful next time on how we name our accounts
@Utonish For some reason my votes aren’t going through. I still have my combo but it’s not going through.
I know you'll easily conquer the whole 50 States section
@userdev_ Thanks for voting the Philippines when I’m gone. I have one question for you. If you have time you mind increasing your voting activity to 2k votes a day, and I will take the other 8k votes. So together we can vote 10k votes per day and that will help us get the Philippines to 1M votes soon
Romania vs Singapore will happen in approximately 147 more days depending on whether or not Romania continues to gain 3K votes per day
@Nova 2016 2018 PLEASE TRANSFER POWER TO OUR WINNERS ON MONDAY PLEASE!
Now it’s only the matter of them passing Indonesia on the chat vote
Monthly Chat Vote Recap by Utonish https://youtube.com/shorts/ajSkZwae1Rc?si=bkXkIPCfhGG3lo2E
Good video, this might trigger them to make them use two accounts again. But if you and Tquik’s team can all vote all at once for the next 24 hours you guys might make a lot progress on countering Singapore if they don’t back down passing Türkiye. We just need to keep fighting until Utonish finds a proper solution to this.
Her name was Pauline, but she moved on with her life after all those years
No I have lost a Core friend because of this shit of a server
Hopefully it’s a Top 1 in Solo Showdown or a Team victory for you!
Oh yeah and of course for the next live stream I have huge plans too that I hope I’ll be able to do with the Vietnamese community
Ok before I go, I just want to say, if we all want to go back to GCAT, we need to send an ultimatum. Nova needs to apologize for all of the bad things he has done within the past 10 months and he will have to transfer ownership of GCAT to someone else. Sounds good?
Man the fact that the Idle Chat Vote now is growing around half of what the idle vote is growing at is just so crazy. The fact that it took only 4-5 months for the idle vote to get to that pace
Because at least like half of them aren’t working lol
Fine but I guess this comes at the cost of my inactivity here...
Yeah Acı Biber is him since Pupipay, Miriba, and Bilip Blop all act the same in chat when we interact with him
Bro the country section really gotta lock in or else we’re gonna get ratioed by the idle chat vote
Once again this is not my problem, I’m just making sure you understand that your intentions are bad if you dare to do it again
This is only the beginning of the end of Turkish domination of the Combo
Lastly, next week NIFA will finalize Algeria and Tanzania’s admissions into NIFA!
Also in the future lets take to account if countries will get added or removed
We will take a break in June and come back in August
Congratulations to me I guess for getting the Top Liked comment on MC Atlas’ recent short
Lol the Dutch lost to Georgia not too long ago and now they are gonna lose to the Nigerians! They are declining
Earth should be first because its where Humans are!
The only problem, is how would Utonish even label them on stream
So that way we don’t have random people who haven’t ran for Leadership get elected and do stupid shit
They could have made it higher but instead they stopped
# Stay tuned for the end of year Favorite Countries report tomorrow!
RO: What doesn’t make sense is why is our house upside down
Germany is actually rivaling Nigeria’s growth at the moment lol
And by the looks of things, ill be able to reach 100k within maybe 2 weeks
Although im pretty sure his statistic is only based on points
It’s best to have two/three countries that are able to fight off the red wave rather than one. Worst case scenario two of them fall and one remains, that being Vietnam.
The loop may take its shape in many forms but the end it’s the result of our desire for more
So it will take longer for the idle chat vote to catch up to the chat vote
Wait a minute guys I gotta pay attention to them real quick
At least it’s not as bad as getting shadowbanned and then getting banned by YouTube
No eventually at this rate Singapore might pass Indonesia if they continue grinding non stop for the next 56 weeks and bayu will be the one praying for us to not find him and murder them and then complain to utonish.
Believe me it would probably be the same amount of effort if I did it legitimately too
Well I don’t really know a solution to be able to switch accounts when your not there. You just have to use your free time wisely
I don’t get why they can’t just use it for their own country instead of sabotaging others
Along side that welcome Canada, Germany and Kiribati
And then liking Japan and Sri Lanka at the same time…
I meant like delete the channel on the account your gonna transfer to
So I will be running all of the social media stuff and promoting GCAT to others
However the other Bruno Mars trendy song Die With A Smile has a chance to become the most streamed song on Spotify soon if it continues to blow up as well
Because no one knows the counter that I use except for you Caucasian
I’m not letting this Singaporeans rule for any longer
And will be chillin on the most majestic stone castle ever built and tame a bunch of wolves
Nice video! Very realistic scenario in my opinion. Although I expected Nigeria to have at least 10 or 11B but still very nice!
BECAUSE THATS WHO I AM AND IM COMING TO DESTROY YOU
YouTube apparently shadowbans people for going beyond 800 for some reason
Nor do I want to see anymore references to TW. They are the **AXIS OF EVIL**. They are **TRUE EVIL**.
What do you say to NIFA? We got around 30% of those
I don’t really go to that high of growth but ok then
The Mystery Nation has gotten Top 1 on all recaps for the pass 20 weeks
I love to see that type of stuff on the idle vote, not dislikes
So you are witnessing the rise and fall of Singapore on every front
Ashamed of what? You are always ashamed with me and maybe others. You don’t even care no matter what I or others do. So be it, you will be like this to others. Just watch. One day you will be in the same position as me. It may not be soon, but that day is coming.
They became jealous people would eventually beat them
2029: ChatVoteDuo\n2030: IdleChatVoteDuo\n2031: ChatVoteComboDuo
PREMIERING NOW! https://youtu.be/IyCV2sOF7Ek?si=EWiwH9fPlB1VyWJ8
Hey everyone including Denis, I am sorry for what has happened earlier and I didn’t mean anything bad that I said
And eventually I would lose my privileges to create channels after my main channel got banned by YT
We will push them back to where they belong hold up
Im not disappointed that you made it, im just disappointed you spent like 2-3 hours to gather data for it.
We have our opinions, don’t let this decide our relations because our relations with countries is different.
So I have told his parents to lock him in the Bathroom until he calms down
This week, Türkiye becomes my 15th nation to pass 100,000 Points!:fire9: 🇹🇷
Thats already more points than what my list made in the past 8 years
After a successful operation on Japan two months ago, AIFA has been able to convert Japan into a positive point country!
Just be careful you don't manage to run into the glitch because you will not be able to transfer over again and you will need to start over again
If it wasn’t for them I would be voting Nigeria on the Idle Chat Vote
And maybe we can merge them all together to create an array of games on one site
And this war from within Nigeria doesn’t seem to end, where on one side we have Pro-AIFA and on the other we have Pro-Antarctica aka Pro-Red-Wave
Most likely is that his “team” or whatever is real and they are all probably brunt out
The only concern I have is the numbering format is incorrect
I’m gonna say one thing, whoever is doing this, they are only making things for themselves worse for what? What is on their agenda? Do they know what they’re doing is wrong? They will live on for as long as I do maybe, but one thing is for certain is that they are fueled by their own selfishness and disregard for others. They can have all they want but yet they choose to ruin the one of the most ridiculous things imaginable. I’m just gonna let them ruin their lives even more and when it comes back to this assumption of Green Wave dominance again, that Green Wave they imagine will be the final straw in his head.
It’s necessary because of all the work I need to do for you guys(And No I don’t mean botting) but all the work for BOT(Or FAME) and recaps
Otherwise Karotten your are best shot in making this work
If it gets to that point you should because PAP doesn’t seem to be stopping anytime soon
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Alright ill let you know when he’s ready
I realized my operations from awhile ago is beyond unfair
This is not the people who disliked Israel and liked Antarctica
@Caucasian Mapper Its time to begin the operation ive been waiting to begin for awhile now
Also has to go through AIFA’s new Regulations introduced in June 2024, and if you also pass that, you will get your rewarded item!\n(99.9% chance of failing!!)
By 2025 or 2026 the gap between Indonesia and Falklands will be 1T
Technically Tonas started the movement when he botted the crap out of Israel which would cause Utonish to take action and reduce their points and votes
RO: I can use this to justify my gains on the idle vote
Flatter mean like lower tone\nSharper means higher tone
I’ve been voting them around 2k per week so they should reach 400k soon
But you will get unbanned by Utonish and get your combo back
Technology is only getting more and more complicated and so is the code behind it
Since Nigeria has been growing extremely fast, I might as well make a little projection visual for the chat vote all the way until June
I notice how Antarctica gains the same amount of likes as Israel when they gained a bunch of dislikes
Bad decisions and I guess I needed a reason to release all the stress in my head. Again this would have all been avoided if I didn’t make the mistakes Karotten mentioned about the red wave.
@GCAT Citizen All Flourish Visualizations are updated! https://app.flourish.studio/@FAME5MAU5_Studios_Flourish
Bigger than anything PAP has done or even I as a whole has done
Idk why they chose here to host their secret plans but now we know
You are the leader of GCAT and I respect that and your community shall remain to be happy with the way things are already👍
Because I believe you can only send 60 of the same message
During the weekdays, probably around 75-90% of it will be manually done
Let me know if you find any since Utonish might of used that
Since it’s literally the whole red wave versus Vietnam
I was also Réunion and there were an enemy of Falklands too
9/6 But AE with their power crushes the RWA with a couple of days and defeats them
Hey DTM you should join the FAMEVote and maybe create some more lore out of it
In the Utonish Universe that’s possible but not irl
Oh yeah it’s restricted in the UK and Australia too
But yeah that’s bs. I didn’t promote Pan-Islamic stuff on the combo like he did
Go ahead and so everyone how great you are and how bad you are of a person once you reach your goals
6 years ago I had no knowledge of Utonish and back then was great
Saint Barthélemy is now the fastest growing nation on the idle chat vote
This is estimated so I may be a bit inaccurate for some countries
If anything is bothering you when I vote the Philippines, let me know and I will stop voting.
RO: Buts it’s ok because if they dare to push further, we will double it
And I made it copy and paste the number everytime it incremented
If we are excluding France’s overseas territories of course
And no guys were not referring to Georgia(Country) were referring to Georgia(US State)
Everyone else will be taken by the red wave in approximately 1-3 years from now
The Shadowban only affects the Brand account, and the error with transferring seems to also only affect that particular brand account
But yeah Bayu would embrace the same strategy up against Germany and Germany would unfortunately lose
Get ready, and buckle up for a new chapter in Chat Vote history
2032:\n1: OFN - 583Q votes\n2: SARC - 582Q votes\n3: Southern Africa- 140Q votes
https://youtube.com/shorts/SIwfQE0g8ks?si=g53qCXzLmXSDUSXU
Im actually half Vietnamese because of my mom lol. A little too personal but yeah.
I imagine some sort of remote that would send a wave frequency towards the robots completely disabling them
And that’s what I keep saying, we need applications which Karotten has done a good job with. Or maybe another way. Will see what Karotten thinks about this
They used to be best of friends back in the day but now have turned against each other and are now battling each other for who gets number 1.
Pacific Economic Association of Countering Hegemony.
Like I can see like 10 countries still don’t have dislikes
Not like that but rather the points of every country has remained the same and idk why.
Actually the OECD were the ones that kick started NIFA in June 2024
@DTM Idc about your jokes about Benyi anymore. It must go.
He just wanted to see Singapore great when I wasn’t operating
Yeah I can 199% confirm I’m PotentialOrdinance83! I genuinely love playing that racing game all day 24/7. But I cannot believe you beated me. What a disgrace from you. You ended my 10k+ Win Streak on that game, and you beat me on my most favorite map with my favorite car. I cannot believe you did that.
Because of Canada, Brazil, you and a bunch of others
Karavase has all the time in the world to rival my power but me, I don’t
Could we finally see the end of PAP rule across the whole chat vote universe
But the British Overseas Territories empire doesn’t sound bad
Relating to our operation, I will begin supporting Brazil tomorrow : )
It’s a constant cycle that never ends on the chat vote
I think they forgot that the cooldown changed which is why they are voting so slow
NIFA: Yeah but we can only like countries not dislike
Ok then I’ll never come back to GCAT. I have no more problems to worry about so I’m happy with how things are already. I love the community and it stays like that. Let’s move on from the past and look to the future.
I know that the red wave has managed to push beyond 10k on Israel so I will try and test something
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 You almost made me crash out again. I’m getting better at this.
Also China had a huge comeback after the stream ended and is now 7th place
NIFA will just focus on voting one country at a time if we get a successful voting base
OH SO YOU GUYS WANT ME TO MAKE THINGS MORE UNFAIR FOR Y’ALL
Vietnam isn’t however because they have consistent growth, they are a good candidate to be one
But as the Second Green Wave progresses it will speed up the sum
LIKE WHO TF WOULD SAY THAT IN A NORMAL CONVERSATION?
:ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro: :ofn: :ofn_euro: :ofn_afro:
Then it came to my attention that Singapore was coming back when I watched one of Utonish’s recap short and ever since then Ive been against Indonesia lol
Greece doesn’t deserve to be all the way at the end anyway
Now I’m not anti-semitic or anything but those guys deserve to be banned once again.
Especially if you need to monitor three live streams
The Four Corners project. It will be a project runned by NIFA that will support each of these countries to 100k growth Starting December 2024-January 2025! It is a proposed project by NIFA members of Algeria, DR Congo, and Kenya with the leader being Niger and funded by Nigeria.
No it’s a book that I’m making about breaking the loop and the affects of doing that in the end.
January 1st 2025 will mark the end of Generation Alpha and mark the beginning of Generation Beta.
Damn I cant believe I crashed out over a list error lol
We have a mission and that mission is to beat Singapore’s record of most points and votes ever gained since their inception
But if you are ok where you are, that’s fine too. I’m just worried things are gonna get worse in Russia and it may affect you too.
Base TERRA and Base BEACH plans are the biggest green wave plans of the decade
For the first time the Singaporeans have not made it to 1k votes in a week.
Tell your friend bilip blop to stop voting for that long then, why me?
It’s time to make a difference(For real this time). Now that I have the power to put in 3 times the amount of effort within a shorter amount of time, I will now be able to accomplish anything without having anymore criticism from anyone. I can finally be free from the dark ages and we can all live in peace together☮️
And if we ever do live streams we need to be able to host that outside of just using ads
A country should have at most of 8-9 by August but the most points you can get is +5
Me too when I successfully master python (eventually)
The country section is technically now growing at 10M points per second!
Theres no need to dwell over the past anymore Caucasian
AND LAST BUT NOT LEAST, THE CHATVOTECOMBO! PREMIERING SOON! https://youtu.be/3FLRzJQT0ec?si=y7YsCVbppIMKer8V
Ok this is going nowhere so, will decide on our target country tomorrow
Because I’m done with supporting you and your friends, I would rather see them out of the top 20 now.
Maybe one day they might be the next Bayu calling out everyone who bots to Utonish and eventually SG might be the villain of the chat vote for having more than everyone else
2034(Civil War)\n\n1: SARC - 2QN votes\n2: OFN - 937Q votes\n3: Southern Africa- 840Q votes
https://tenor.com/view/guy-arguing-guy-talking-to-wall-talking-brick-wall-gif-18667615
Singapore has reached 10th place on the Chat Vote for the first time since 2021 passing Peru in the process.
Sorry for causing chaos in this chat last week with Denis
1/10/27 - Bigfoot rapidly grows as people move their attention to them
So a little bit back to what I was talking about with TW
And if people are curious I did indeed draw this in Ibis Paint X
And this has definitely played out in the long run and thus this is the brightest time the Utonish community has seen in possibly its whole lifetime thanks to the Resurrection era as that gave the way towards progress and prosperity, but also unity as everyone saw what we were doing and they also wanted that. And that is where we are now. I feel grateful to be a big part of this growth since the Dark Ages, and I’m happy it has all paid off and we’re now in a much better place!
Just give a recipe and ill turn that into the snack
So you can now vote as far as nation's subdivisions of Niue, or Turks and Caicos or even as big as Russia. Every country has been covered
Svalbard and Jan Mayen has been reclaimed successfully and one more nation which is Northern Mariana Islands
@Karotten You might as well remove me from the wiki
Bruh the combo came out half a year ago and I never even made a single visual for them lmao. No worries though I can definitely finish them today
Don’t worry @iu mãi VN-A615 I’m here to defend Vietnam’s place in 1st, and no matter what Vietnam is good hands.
No matter the competition or overlapping disputes, the community is number 1
I will help Romania achieve number 1 if that’s what you want me to do when I finish passing Singapore
Just hopefully you didn’t delete that account because that’s a huge mistake if you did
Also my Philippians account got ultimate shadowbanned again so I won't be using it too often for the next two weeks
And Georgia will probably be in the Top 5 in points by June
Transfer me back the Ownership of FAME since your leaving FAME right?
Points on Chat Vote are constant meanwhile on Combo it’s userbased
Honestly it’s all my fault that I even let this happen
4/12 - At this point China has become the second largest economy on Earth behind NIFA
And I’m looking at you guys @Vicky and @Shut Up Maypi and @Elgus393
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Let me know if there are any more errors!
Same with me, im still trying to make the reports copy and paste-able so I can make reports quicker
@Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 Be a good example to the rest of GCAT please
RO: Brazil is the superpower meanwhile China is Nigeria
You should at least support the UK instead of passing them
RO: We managed to convert to whole Idle Vote to Green on June 30th 2024 but in this scenario it might be March 30th of 2022
Maybe I should just calm down and let him do what he has to do
My boi esXX did nothing wrong to my other boi Chispa and now they are trying to go to war with each other
Rest in peace Chat Vote, you will be missed but the Idle Chat Vote is the ultimate replacement
Fun fact today: The US grew faster than Singapore today
Also Brazil has become the first South American Country to pass 10T points
Nigerian International Federal Association/Alliance
As for me, I’m still figuring out when I can actually vote again since I barely have time to vote at all anymore.
Once that happens, I won't have to do NIFA operations
Realistic because they are the fastest growing kids channel
Ok well I think it’s because you are on there are too long @Caucasian Mapper and I’m not saying that is a bad thing, but when your on for too long, YouTube will stop showing peoples chats
@Tonas /🇨🇿🇮🇱 Do you plan on voting Israel to 2T points?
I never thought in my entire life that it would come to this moment
https://tenor.com/view/enojado-gif-6930705070173779193
And what I mean by that is that it has to do with the Brand Account itself
If you can beat all 4 without botting, you are already truly a legend lol
aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA aIfA
Question ___:\nWhat is the Red Wave?\nAnswer: Those who sought cheating as a method of total control
Along side that many Chinese and ADP cities experience growth never seen before
Well unfortunately that’s reality and you need to face it
As you can see it’s 7:13 AM and I gotta go to school man😀
@Karavase Finally Singapore passes 330K! You seriously think a 40k gap is enough to destroy my dominance on the Idle Chat Vote? Just wait until I destroy that within a month.
Also Russia is getting mass Disliked again @Daniel the Great 🇷🇺
No\n# KEEP IT FOR THE SAKE OF DEMOCRACY NOT FOR GEORGIA
And you’re being delusional about being delusional thinking that he’s being sarcastic
Actually the AE would form after the US decides to stop being an observer state of NIFA
You ban them because they are breaking your rules, but then they are using that feature to bypass the ban on their channel and continue to vote
Fun Fact: There used to be such a thing as an "IdleViewVote"
Greece and Türkiye being 1st and 2nd would be the most peaceful thing ever right??
Because that is the true placements it’s just that I put the wrong values in
So it should take around the same time if you were to go at Singapores December pace
Apparently someone with the name Maxi is also voting Mexico with me so that’s why
No the guy that votes Antarctica on the ChatVoteCombo
It’s time to put the past behind us and bring in the future. Full of action and ability.
@karavase You should get Canada to 400B points on the chat vote before the monthly recap comes on Saturday
And if they are the same I will change it immediately
At this point Nigeria began rising the ranks at a rapid pace
And the Combo folks would probably come to the Idle Chat Vote too
No I mean its good but, its actually much easier to get in a short amount of time so that makes it less impressive
Meanwhile North Korea has the worst Likes/Dislikes ratio
@GCAT Citizen  [8 More Days to Fill out the form to become Admin! Be sure to fill it before August 1st or you won’t be able to run next month!](https://forms.gle/FMwYQo1TQvfj1KNk7)
And us as the OFN will keep an eye on these goals at all times.
For now only 800. If I do more than I’ll end up in the dumps again and I’ll have to start over again
For now there’s a lot of glitches so I doubt it until they are fixed
We make it so, people who have been Admin already are the only ones allowed to run for Owner
That goes into prospective how much the Idle Vote has been neglected
Yeah and then he stops banning people and yeah it could get out of control until Utonish does something
Tell yourself to do your recap next time so he won’t have to do that again
I’m sorry to anyone new here who has no idea, but I’m always in constant turmoil trying to do something good but end up flipping it around to make it bad.
@Nova 2016 2018 So is me and @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 gonna be mod now?
I wasn’t really paying attention to their growth lol
I destroyed the right of democracy so I guess its a counter to what I did
Ok fine then, just don’t want Daniel to be mad at you
But yes I am indeed half Vietnamese which is a true fact about me
Well not the country itself, but those specific people I hate because yes they fucking insulted me and they are disgraceful against Nigeria
Stage 1 isn't even complete yet and were already thinking about Stage 10
They will be officially admitted at the end of the month
lol and because they are repeating the same number their votes don’t go through
Bro they are bad people for multiple reasons, but that doesn’t give America the right to full on attack them and destroy them, unless they did it first.
If its an item on the idle vote, then its fine with me
Ok maybe this, although I think there is a better character than this
By potentially the 3rd or 4th quarter of the year will see our first 10T country
Nothing, they want to dislike them because they are jealous of how there’s so many likes
If Israel gets nerfed to a low dislike count then they will be growing
If I can get 1M dislikes on the most disliked countries then they will be reset to a lower dislike count
Ok gtg and will see where Vietnam is when I wake up
I will grind 1.6k on the new live stream per day which is my goal
Sure, I will try to create one combo to support you and maybe other countries.
If you’ve seen that Vsauce video then you’ll know what I’m talking about
It really is the Cyberpunk era. With the fall of botting and cheating, I can definitely see more fighting up ahead.
I’m not here to be a horrible person like I was in 2024. I’m here to show you that I don’t cherish anyone like Nova.
Because all the Nigerian votes are getting counted but not Niger
Damn I literally deleted my main account by accident but I was able to get it back lmao
Btw I’ll be posting this on my channel: https://youtube.com/@potential_music?si=oiVnjRqwfLtyECfE
PoTenTiaL spends all his time to get better at his musician skills and hopes to one day be a musician
And that makes so much sense on the Idle Chat Vote History graph
No matter how many times Utonish bans me I will continue to comeback
Oh I see so you program it to output the data for you?
Nice! Better than what that TW motherfucker has achieved
Alright @Caucasian @Karotten @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 and @Nova 2016 2018 elections are gonna be held this month, I think it’s time you guys start them before it gets too late!
Vietnam is definitely in a better place now which I love to see, I think about my descendant family and I wonder if I could one day come back. But at the same time, living here is the best and I could never think of losing this privilege.
The second to last one on the second list brings back so many memories
Oh yeah and Falkland Islands is technically apart of the Guinea Sphere
@Nova 2016 2018 There you go monthly crashout done!
Like do half the periods you do usually and make it up on the weekends
Once the next live stream comes around I’ll probably look into AIFA maybe
# THE UNIVERSAL DECLARATION\n\nSO AS YOU ALL KNOW, SINGAPORE IS RAPIDLY GROWING ON THE COMBO THANKS TO THE SUPPOSED RETURN OF PAP! UNDER THE NEW UNIVERSAL DECLARATION, ALL PEOPLE ON THE COMBO WILL HAVE AT LEAST ONE ACCOUNT AT THEIR DISPOSAL THAT WILL VOTE TÜRKIYE FOR AS LONG AS PAP IS AROUND AND WITH THIS IN MIND, ONCE SINGAPORE REACHES THE TOP 20, ITS GAME OVER, WE WILL ACTIVATE THE UNIVERSAL DECLARATION AND SUPPORT TÜRKIYE UNTIL THE END!
PoTenTiaL: Yeah and we basically conquered the world after that
This is where all the action is taking place on the whole idle vote as of 2025
I made it completely from scratch, congrats to me I guess
Also keep in mind that prior to WW4, most of North America especially the United States was under ADP control after the American Empire collapsed due to the economic crisis of AIFA during that time. But due to WW4, the OFN Americana Branch was heavily devastated from the SSNP occupation and was unable to function properly after the war and was thus put once again under Foreign Occupation again until North America is rebuilt again.
In fact I never even thought of creating NIFA. But one day I wanted to try something new and that very idea changed the Idle Vote forever.
Also ​​I will do a round of support for Türkiye to help Bilip get to 1M later.
If it doesn’t work, I will be at an official dead end with this
Last week was officially the second best week in the history of chat vote recaps just behind the week of 5/28/23 - 6/3/23🔥
He doesn’t care how much effort you put into it, he will ban it no matter what just enforce his “Rules”
You seem to hiding something and Idk what it is. Im not crazy or anything.
But you said you have accomplished your goals with Saint Barthélemy and that you would let France pass them
I can vote them right now and make India fall out right now
But in the end I’ve realized the importance of you guys
If it gets worse I will just leave this server again. I don’t want to end up breaking any rules here again.
AIFA has did their job and gotten rid of the unfairness of the red wave across the country section but I begin to see your point.
There was a Georgian voter a long time ago unless that was you
For me 2025 was 2015 but me being able to actually experience it
I could imagine how unfair it would be because players with the most rebirths would have the most points
Since my Philippians is Normal Shadowbanned, and Ultimate Shadowbanned
And Singapore itself might die out like Vietnam and the US and there might be a continuation of Indonesian rule.
Why don’t we switch our attention to the fact that Israel is somehow holding off the dislikes
But ofc I’ve done most of the work with my 1.9K combo
ru-ni I’m gonna real quick add a couple countries subdivisions here
I HAVE TO REDO ALL THE 250 BANNERS FOR EACH COUNTRY
If it doesn’t break at all and is constantly voting
And this is real life stuff not lore, check it out online.
NIFA NEWS: Botswanas ballot to join NIFA has been delayed to an uncertainty factor within Botswana which has delayed the process of Botswana’s admission. Despite this Mali and Senegal are the runners up to joining NIFA.
It gives people in the party to run in at least one of the leadership roles
Yes bro you don’t understand, this is absolute cinema
Utonish brings up the idea of getting rid of dislikes but subtracting likes by the amount of dislikes, but there are still nations below 0 points so Utonish waits until there are no more negative point countries
And if he does ban me than we will always come back 🙂
@Utonish don’t listen to anyone above me, use Coldplay’s music instrumental
Bro imagine someone made a gamblecore meme about this lol
But now I respect Bayu for his “overweening botting” and remaining in #1 for a long time
And then the Fall of Berlin is basically when Nigeria converts red in the future
This is awkward. Vietnam is first and France is second. If you know the history between these two, it’s not pretty.
If anything I would let Serbia or Albania annex it lol
Yep and even if you tried to bot, it would still be impossible
Réunion went from 22k to 60k and Algeria went from 110k to 146k
If they dare to bring them to 250k dislikes then AIFA has to intervene despite hibernation
Thats true:) And fun fact: Im the only one that has done it @NULLMC
So instead of getting rid of them completely, just get rid of 130,434,524 points and 131,116 votes but keep 1,749,356 points and 5,121 Votes which is what SG would have now without PAP.
But then eventually you reach another limit which is tied to the same idea
I’m extremely grateful that Singapore is nolonger 1st!
At this point some people were sick and tired of seeing the same three countries
1+ Medal from Percentage Growth\n1+ Medal from Actual Growth\nThis applies to both lists however I didn’t combine Votes and Points because it’s too complicated
Russia will probably average out around the Top 10 this week but for today its 1st and will see about tomorrow. The number 1 country im thinking of right now is Russia which sounds weird to a person like me, but something has gone into me since 2 days ago.
Nigeria 3.8T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/IsyHuZ_uVBA?si=Zwd0pyuR7qXGxQ0Y
Utonish just puts a value close to what it says on Social Blade and estimates a growth that best fits the growth of the channel since we don’t know how fast a channel grows unless the API updates when a channel hits a certain milestone.
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Convince this guy to do his recap
Also the Russians they were at the bottom for awhile
I've been getting feelings that the Red Wave might come back for real, because why was it so easy for NIFA to win...
Utonish is disabling votes for people alting it seems
But you never know, I bet one day someone gonna get fed up with NIFA domination and rival NIFA
If you wanna really be heard you should consolidate your power on a country
I don’t hate him, I just hate the fact he’s disrespectful towards me
https://tenor.com/view/thumbs-up-baby-gif-5199053054594704929
So you have to confess all of those cheats to move on
@Karotten \n# GERMANY HIT 10M POINTS, THE THIRD ITEM TO DO SO AND SECOND COUNTRY!
Falkland Islands: Don’t worry son, your not alone, us together still don’t bring us ahead of those bastards
Some of which later came under the influence of the new Asian Defense Pact
@Benyi Pratam Is that what you think about Nigeria?
China would be the headquarters to the ADP so that’s why they have 9M likes
In other words here’s how my next Band concert’s poster is gonna look like
Real quick ima start setting up the AIFA Elections polls in #idlevote channel
At least Russia has managed to pass North Korea and achieve 249th place, but that took fucking 2 years to finally happen
@everyone \n# My Official Statement about the ComboVote\n\nSo as some of yall know, I tried to make something great with this new Utonish voting game known as the “ComboVote” which comes from the already existing ChatVoteCombo, and I just wanna say that I have failed. I’m gonna continue voting, not for gaining points and votes, but rather how big of a combo I can get. I give up voting Vietnam because they are a lost cause, but I will continue to vote whoever is number 1 for the rest of the ComboVote’s history and will see how big of a Combo I can make. But once again I give up prioritizing a formal number 1 country, and rather focus on growing a massive combo.
And if yall think im not gonna do it right then yall should step out of the way because I passed you guys long ago "LEGITIMATELY"
But what is for certain is that we have somehow met each other, idk how and we are here now
So you know how when you vote manually with multiple accounts, it’s basically the same thing but you record yourself using TinyTask
I was watching him from the sideline because the main attraction was Singapore
He probably program it to switch tabs after he votes at an extremely fast rate
Nigeria 400k votes! https://youtube.com/shorts/25VffTKwBaE?si=89gm6RyXRbO-r2ec
But it’s inevitable, Chile will pass the Philippines again 100% no matter what I do.
HE SAYS HE TAKES BREAKS WHEN HE AUTOMATED THAT HIMSELF
Utonish: I did it for the better good of my voting streams
For now the most powerful faction I consider is the French Territories which dislikes everything including the Top 1 nation and the French Territories
I might hate Israel but I never would like to see it in 250
Now its time for the final phase, which is readding every country
How about TW? Aren’t you literally friends with her?
Linda votes Palestine now but originally voted Indonesia when I used to vote Singapore
And then who would of guessed that a month later they would be at the doorstep of where Singapore was
bởi vì vào năm 2026, sự cứu chuộc thực sự của tôi sẽ bắt đầu.
Not to say that I hate @Tonas /🇨🇿🇮🇱, I dislike the government that’s in charge of Israel at this very moment. I don’t dislike the country, just the government.
He’s the one being raged, like I said I didn’t even do anything lol
And scroll down until you see an option to delete data
But despite all of this, I still probably won’t come back fully
But you know what, all ideas get boring after sometime
Yessir you gotta get to work now because you got 3 more days until Round 1 starts
Before I go,\nI will not be joining Benyi’s server, nor will I join Nova’s server again. I’m just gonna remain a lone wolf like I always have been. This is the happiest ending you will get.
Ok this is the beginning of my isolationist period. I will be back maybe July 1st. Don’t call me a leader anymore since I’m not a leader anymore. I’m nothing. Goodbye
4/5 - The ADP begin their own voting program that will rival NIFA
However idc since it’s outside of the country section
@Nova 2016 2018 and @Karotten \n# THIS IS YOUR FINAL WARNING
I didn't think this would come this far, but look at where we are now
Unless Remi decided to join the idle vote and vote the crap out of Nigeria and DR Congo
Ok the Red Wave situation has stabilized again @Bosmium Sorry about that. I was definitely really worried that the Red Wave was gonna destroy Vietnam
We cannot rely upon his drama to run this server, that’s not how things work here in GCAT
With OECD and NIFA support, Base PEACH would dominate other sections
Then later on the month and next month will target North Korea, Russia and Israel as they are declining in the hundreds of thousands and it will be impossible to do within a short amount of time
But now our task is to reclaim the losses that the Red wave has inflicted on us
@iu mãi VN-A615 Just vote every half an hour if you can
Not surprisingly Israel and Japan are dominating due to their huge like and dislike counts on the idle vote, because remember, all votes count no matter if its likes or dislikes
Btw in Caucasia, Chechnya, and Dagestan would be Sunni Islam I’m pretty sure and Kalmykia would be Buddhist
I’m doing this for @Tquik since he apparently still hates me for my past actions here!
I mean South Korea started out with 8k points at the beginning of 2024 but has since grown to 11k which is not much if you think about it
Lol another good quote -Benyi Pratram the Israeli lover
Ok starting today I will be supporting Türkiye to 1T points as well
Let him fix the bugs. It could all just be a bug and it will all be fixed soon.
That’s gonna completely delay my end of day set anyway so
So Nigeria will have a bit more growth than usual soon
Simple, just click the screen automatically at a certain interval
After many victories across the country section, AIFA is expected to face its worst defeat in history
And that’s folks the beginning of a new age for the Utonish Universe. Not plagued by a supernatural force like the predecessors. Something that finally the community can experience for once without interference. I officially declare the Combo as a playground for the community. It may be dead but at least no more intervention.
Russia and Japan are technically apart of the ACS anti-red-wave initiative but Vietnam and Serbia has no relation to NIFA however they are still protected by NIFA like every other country
Nigeria 3.6T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/bGiqAMWt3Wk?si=KUIqOxeulVoLopT7
Because you will go crazy with them and completely destroy the chat vote
https://tenor.com/view/minecraft-minecraft-memes-minecraft-movie-as-a-child-i-yearned-for-the-mines-gif-6114946482121890000
Japan did used to place very high on my favorites list but has since fallen to number 8
Antarctica also for the first time breaks their record dislike gain a day gaining also 1k
*Those who are dead are not dead, \nthey’re just living in my head, \nAnd since I fell for that spell,\nI am living there as well*
Although clearly the list is completely AIFA dominated which I did not expect lol
Although I noticed you managed to get up to 2K while I was gone! Good for you
Why? I don’t wanna sound rude or anything, but there are people who enjoy the Idle Vote! I would love to see it again one day!
Btw sorry if im not too precise because im busy with the idle vote rn
All I can do is make ideas and never proper execute them…
Alright well whatever you say, anyway #deleted-channel
@GCAT Citizen INTRODUCING the ChatVoteCombo Vote History Since 2025 Visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24526272/
Crazy how in one year, Bilip managed to change the way voting forever
Ok well since you are using alts, I will also give you another warning
As long as there is legit voting happening we will reinclude previously botted countries
Well look at you talking, all you want to do is support other countries other than Georgia. It must be a tough job. Just admit it, you cannot support other countries without being rivaled by other people. I cannot believe you are gonna bring up my past in this situation. Just focus on yourself first and you will see greatness. Why do you have to focus on all these countries when nobody else even supports them anyway. And don’t bring up botting either because you do it too. You do it because I do it. You always imagine a world where I’m not here, but let me tell you. There is no such world without people with the same goals as you. If you really wanted this to work, you would have been clear about it to me. Your CEC alliance will fail if you keep this up.\n\nNow tell me, what is the point of this CEC alliance thing if you cannot even properly maintain it(unless it’s the chat vote). The reason why I don’t have an official alliance of my own because it’s impossible to maintain. So stop trying to make excuses to call me out if we have already talked about this. \n\nI will gladly teach you a lesson not to mess with me if I have to. So don’t say anything else or you will see what will happen to Georgia and your alliance thingy.
In the meantime im gonna make the yearly summary short for the idle vote
Sure but you will be an Observer unless you participate more
I thought without Videomaker Bosnia wouldn’t be that popular
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 They are disliking Russia, you need to vote them out of the Red
I don’t know how I will get over this but I never want to see a war between our nations on the chat vote
However because Utonish might ban them all the time, I will have to use a different set of channels if I run into the Ultimate shadownban again
And then it grew out of hand so we named it the red wave
I know I will never be accepted into any community or spot in said community anymore
# BUT STOP THINKING ABOUT THEM. THEY DONT EVEN EXIST.
If we can get that to work then will be able to get the whole site to work
So in short, we should prioritize the present activities over the past
Right, maybe he figured it out himself by reading our messages
звучит здорово, я вижу, вы лучшие друзья с PoTenTiaL и вам нравится поддерживать его в этой ситуации. проблема в том, что это продолжается, и это, безусловно, самое худшее. Спасибо, что поддерживаете его, потому что я один не смогу сделать ему ничего хорошего.
And now they had to fight another war but this time on their homeland
I predicted this day from the start of our resurrection
However don’t send any messages because it will result in a longer ban
It’s disputed but you can say that Reunion belongs to both empires
They are currently 8 billion away from entering the Top 60!
Because my family likes to meet up like 4 times a year
At least it ain’t BOT Chapter 2 you gotta worry about
It’s just a waste of time, I have better things to do
SEASON 3: The Loop Breakers | Begins Tomorrow at 3 PM ET
Ok good thing I established my counter to them because they are still going
2025 is probably by far the best year ive experienced since 2015 if not better. I feel like the old days are back again.
@Deleted User You are on my shit list now until I come back tomorrow
Just do it to have fun, and then in the end, you will be happy
@Karavase I have a peace deal for you.\n\nFirst of all, I’m sorry for treating you like an asshole and calling you names. In the past couple of weeks, your effort has quite impressed me to say the least and I’m happy that you are able to do a lot for not only your country but the IdleChatVote as a whole. Your presence on the IdleChatVote has helped it stay alive despite everyone leaving. I thank you for always keeping your word despite the criticism from others.\n\nSecond of all, I am willing to support Canada to 500k votes along with Singapore to 500k as long as you don’t plan to pass Singapore in points, I’m willing support your efforts for as long as you want. Additionally I will not pass Canada in votes, in fact I’m willing to tie with Canada and not go any further.\n\nLastly, we will allow you to join GCAT again and I’ll send you an invite link to the server and we can discuss our plans on the Idle Chat Vote.\n\nSo Karavase, thank you for being a big part of this community and I’m hoping that we can work together like we always have.\n\nFrom, PoTenTiaL
If so that’s pretty impressive that you dodged the Red Wave when NIFA couldn’t even lift its own weight
Quite crazy Singapore has just about tripled its total points in just a week and has gained about triple its previous record of the amount of votes gained in a week in march! Great job Singapore!
And NIFA is actively supporting every country on the country section
Then after that, you switch to YouTube Kids and watch that without cringing for the next ∞ years
Utonish should seriously work on a DIscordVote so that way his server is active
And with the way things are going for you, I can say you are headed for that path
I think China is one of the only nations to be first
Just do the autoclicking strategy for now until you reach 100k and then I’ll tell you about strategy
But there are many other ways to say you or friend but the most common word is bạn
So as AIFA we are here to keep that balance and destroy the red wave to bring stability once again
And if Utonish doesn’t respond we will continue to report until he responds
Just replace the point values with the vote values and your done
My first round of legit voting has actually been pretty fun with this new strategy! I absolutely love voting legitimately now.
While also liking AIFA members to protect against attack from Red Wave
My day was bright and now I hear this and its all of a sudden dark...
Just record a damn video of yourself or something and submit it and you should get verified
Let’s see how long Nova will be able to handle his rule.
Simply put that anything Utonish makes is gonna get botted
RO: You didn’t even prepare a plan yet and we are already going through
PoTenTiaL: When during WW4 we defeated them after discovering Atlantis
@Sonar Tori Or @Sonar Tori's Control (SBC) PLEASE DO IT SOON OR ELSE YOU WILL BE DISQUALIFIED
Just vote other countries with your main account maybe
However it cannot detect small instances of bots, but only when it’s in the masses.
Oh yeah and CEC members are all under the membership of Georgia so they technically are New Order members as well
No like “Top 5 _____ moments” content, I’ve seen too many of those already
Western Sahara was in the Top 60 for a short while as well
It’s just too much to think about. All the times I have supported the likes, and now I go against them again
But my Nord VPN would prevent him from entering and taking it back, and I could refresh it over and over again and prevent Utonish from getting it back! THATS RIGHT, UTONISH IS GONE NOW
But it isn’t really that big of a deal anyway since it’s blue nevertheless
### Software Updates and Longevity: iPhone Leads\n\nOne area where Apple clearly has the upper hand is in software updates. iPhones receive iOS updates simultaneously across all supported devices, and Apple supports its devices for many years—often five years or more. This ensures that users stay secure and enjoy the latest features for a longer period of time.\n\nAndroid, by contrast, suffers from fragmentation. Because Android updates must pass through manufacturers and sometimes carriers before reaching users, they are often delayed or skipped entirely. While Google’s Pixel phones offer faster updates, most Android devices fall behind in this area.
But fr hopefully he’s not mad at us for all the jokes…
Russia is now considered the second fastest growing at the bottom behind only Japan
In fact once I switch to the 250th country, I won’t need to worry about repeating the same mistakes ever again
I remember the time I passed Marshall Islands with Nigeria
Well I guess so since I only have tried to make discord bots with Karotten that allows for voting.
No wonder why it still feels like Indonesia is number 1 despite being dethroned about a month and a half ago
That’s why I got away with it for so long because it took a lot more chaos for Utonish to realize
We’re currently on the third stage of the cycle but we’re expected to reach the 4th stage of the cycle soon
THEN DO IT, if you want hell then do it now. I’m not gonna crash out for your tricks
Never before was the Idle Vote country section all green
France and Norfolk Islands are both 244th on the ChatVoteCombo leaderboard
“You might of won the battle (Or argument in this case), but you will never win the court case against your own actions.”
Like he did the the ChatVoteCombo with user based combos
There’s obviously nothing I can do to fix this but I have to accept my mistakes and let Taiwan continue to die for good.
It already ended and power will be transferred to them soon
So go ahead just as long as you don't bot using multiple then it gets unfair
And they somehow gained that with Martinique within a week ago im pretty sure
Btw in case your wondering, those are the Regions of Vietnam
Unlike the Top20 one I actually used flourish to make this, because if I were to do it by hand, I would probably be dead by the time I’m done.
The only problem is it takes a lot of electricity I bet to power NIFA
This is the beginning of Phase 2. Unlike Phase 1, I don’t care about achieving goals. I just care about voting and that’s it. Just for fun and not for stupid goals.
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Ugh am I that bad of a person?
# BREAKING NEWS\n\n# ONE OF THE MAIN VOTERS OF TURKIYE LOST ITS 64K COMBO!!!!!!
And now if you excuse me, good luck trying to figure out who the red wave truly is.
And I just realized your the guy that voted Czechia
If that is done, then every country needs to be reset
But at the same time I get nothing all because of what I did in the past.
If we were to compare where Vietnam on the ComboVote would be if it were on the ChatVoteCombo it would be around where the Cayman Islands is
I recorded 5 rows of 20 all synchronized together to make one visualization
ADP then created puppet states in the former AE which extracted wealth from those states to fuel the rise in ADP’s economy
Huh I kinda had a dream about what a major update to the website could look like
And I noticed more and more countries in Eastern Europe like I said before are becoming like Georgia and the US
You either stop complaining about Christianity or I will change my mind
*The Alliance that prevented a Red Wave takeover of the idle vote*
Imo I think Seoul is better, people look at Tokyo too much and I think Seoul has underrated architecture
I swear someone better not be testing our capabilities.
**BREAKING NEWS** Early Cambodia-Thailand Recap\n40. :up2:(+4)🇹🇭*Thailand*\n💛**32,538**\n:fire3: **+ 2,334**\n90. :down2:(-20)🇰🇭*Cambodia*\n💔**15,483**\n👺 **- 5,134**
*AE and RO gets teleported to the present universe*
Damn no one is talking about how much more dramatic the battle between Indonesia and the Falkland Islands were in the projections comparing to Singapore vs Indonesia lol
I think Türkiye would remain first for awhile on the Idle Chat Vote
And in case you guys are wondering who I am voting, I am voting these items:
Imagine someone was called “People’s Action Party of the Alternative for Germany”
Like I said, I will continue to come back. I will not back down until 10T points and 1M votes. Looks like some of yall are getting impatient with me now.
It just doesn’t make sense like don’t yall have lives to live
Although the future is uncertain, we can never predict what could happen by 2100
Yeah please do so we can have a proper elections soon!
Base TERRA will have 10 stages which will last for 2 decades
Because someone with a big combo must of disliked them
That just means the if a country has a greater growth in a short amount of time despite having less points
No the band director made it but I gave a couple ideas for it
Of you just voting over and over and switching accounts
I have never voted that much ever in my whole career on the chat vote
I’m also going against the transfer exploit to so both apply here
I mean in terms of technique they aren’t too different
I cannot always be here to make the server active. So please do it on my behalf because I won’t be here for quite awhile
Lol it was nice talking to you tonight, im gonna have dessert now
I said I was gonna get Georgia and the UK to 100k but I never did
Check it out if you want to log your favorite countries!
# I KNOW YOU ARE ALL DUMB AND UNDEREDUCATED, BUT AT LEAST UNDERSTAND OUR POINT
Like I mean it doesn't even have to be the full thing
I know there are a few errors like Falkland Islands not having its full name and the quality of the country names not being too good
Yeah so when that happens I’ll flip them back to positive
Alright guys today we are going to be invading Batam Island and whoever captures the island first wins 1T Singaporean points! Are we ready? 3 2 1 go! 🇮🇩🇸🇬
# Important News\nAnd with that the whole Top 20 is now above 100K Lifetime Points! Time flies doesn't it?\n\nAlso 🇵🇭 Philippines and 🇻🇳 Vietnam are rapidly approaching 🇮🇳 India and may pass them in the upcoming weeks to finally change the Top 2 after 3-4 years!
Don’t make me stay up 24/7 giving you a lecture on Georgia’s geography
I thank every single one of you who have been around for two years
Exact moment Singapore passes 3T (Forgot to post this earlier)
The fun part about the IdleVote is that we were able to create ansuch complex story out of it
You guys fucking suck with bitterness from the past and you need to let it go
@News Ping And in case you’re wondering what the casualties are, it’s 19 people dead and 83 others critically injured.
But China should be higher because its my favorite country
@everyone here’s a Preview of all of the new Firepowers coming!
Japan has passed 4 more countries which makes them 154th
This will be the first idle chat vote recap in a while that Singapore isn’t first!
No more being bashed. No more being hurt. No more resentment. Today is a new day filled with hope.
Even Christianity had a head start in India before it became popular in Europe which is a crazy fact imo
If he doesn’t accept the ultimatum we will forever abandon GCAT and move on with our lives
I may of caught Chispa doing fishy stuff and started all of this, but I am gladly passing the torch to GCAT to deal with this because I’m exhausted from constantly being in drama.
Which is great, they deserve the recognition they always wanted
Especially if Indonesia has been slowing down recently
So unless Daniel wants to change the treaty I’m going to continue to follow it the way it is now
Note to future self: Nigeria will be at 1M likes by the end of 2024
But I guess it’s good that China has a good voter like him
500B that means Singapore could potentially pass Indonesia in less than a month!
Eventually they will turn red if they aren’t supported
Indonesia has officially set the first yearly record of 633,693 Votes in one year! Congratulations to Indonesia!
Also my operations on the CVC will be limited, so don't expect me to do too much
Nah bro I genuinely cannot believe my eyes right now
Representative of Boston10xx: Don’t they trade that with NIFA for cheap?
I was thinking maybe this but it might be too energetic for the recap https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=deOlorbZ_sE&si=IHWiSsn3--HKMD1P
# Best Voters in the Utonish Universe(Excluding Website)\n1. Bilip Blop\n2. Khả Năng(Me)\n3. Karotten\n4. **Chispa**\n5. Bosmium\n6. Daniel the Great\n7. Caucasian Mapper\n8. **Luis aka ThisIsGermany**\n9. Maypi\n10. Maurice Larrouturou\n11. Karavase\n12. 7Star\n13. esXX\n14. wWilzyyy aka Marta\n15. Naprij\n16. Jason\n17. Vicky\n18. Maxi\n19. PWzlavec\n20. Shane
As long as no one abuses their power like me GCAT will be all right.
Well the fourth trial even if your still alive, well it’s probably to just die lol
More than that, Vietnam is at 24K likes now and the ComboVote is rapidly growing despite the looming Red Wave threat
Sierra Leone and Falkland Islands were originally observer states of NIFA in case anyone is wondering since NIFA would never add non observer states to the alliance
@Tonas /🇨🇿🇮🇱 You have received your first warning for posting that outside of #🗺️◄𝖯𝗈𝗅𝗂𝗍𝗂𝖼𝗌►🗺️
Unfortunately that would be cutting off support to a few AIFA members
I answered this question a while ago, No I am not Benyi, he just happens to support my operations
China is on a rampage, they have gained more votes than the Falkland Islands this week
I request people to stop creating bots then man its so annoying especially if you just want to do it for real
All I appreciate about PAP is that he ended a long era of Bayu rule but it would be better if someone else like me did it
4/7 - Almost immediately Singapore becomes one of the busiest port cities in the world
And then we can get into the spicier stuff like actually programming the games
Normal Shadowban = 24 hour ban for all Live Chatting\n\nUltimate Shadowban = 1 month? ban for all transferring
Or Red Wave, but whatever I like calling them the Unknowns now
@🔥Maypi The Tiki Taka Great🌏 @james @Caucasian Mapper
RO: Oh it’s just ADP and their trade with the world
Korea is now my second best project on the Combo after the Philippines
Usually when a country is first for a while, they tend to receive quite a bit of criticism
It has happened! Singapore passes Greece! Now South East Asia controls the Top 1 and 2!
If you consider Nigeria and Germany in this, then Nigeria and Germany would have 1M+ growth per second
Break the loop is definitely not me. Someone decided to make me a joke… again
Once again @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I’m sorry for doing that.
All I want to say is whoever wins this will be the ones in charge of keeping democracy alive in this server. Idc if me and Daniel lose the elections, this is what democracy is about, serving the people and what they want. With that being said, I’m happy to be here and I will be willing to serve you no matter what.
If Ronaldo continues to promote his channel on Instagram and Facebook, UR Cristiano will continue growing fast
And to end the week I’ll probably pass Brazil and be right behind Romania
HE KEEPS VOTING CANADA BECAUSE BE KNOWS IM NOT GONNA VOTE
Wallis and Futuna is converted into a positive point country!
RO: Like everything is close to what it would be in our universe
A final beating before I ultimately leave this community in 2027
Now I understand why people are so fussed out about Eastern Countries is because eventually they are all gonna do the same thing, because they think thats what the West does wrong, when in reality thats what they are doing.
Idk how long the old idle chat vote was running for but new idle chat vote managed to out beat the old idle chat vote 9:1 in terms of votes and points in just a week
Russia hasn’t passed Cameroon yet but they are pretty close
Will see bout that because BOT ain’t doing that well
Either that it was Japan because Utonish probably was testing it
@GCAT Citizen \n# BREAKING NEWS ON THE IDLE CHAT VOTE AND CHAT VOTE\n\nI think I may of found a way to break past the ban barrier on the Idle Chat Vote and Chat Vote. Basically whenever you create and delete accounts over and over again. Utonish goes crazy and bans them. BUT heres the catch. So within a short amount of time before Utonish bans an account, you have what I like to call a "Grace Period" in which you have a certain amount of time to vote before ultimately Utonish bans an account. This grace period lasts around 5-10 seconds and during this time you can vote as much as you want before Utonish bans. Buts heres why I think this. So there have been theories which corollate to Utonish having an automated ban system since bans can pretty much happen at anytime of the day even when Utonish is supposedly asleep, bans can still happen at random. But due to my recent breakthrough of the Ban barrier, I think I might of figured it out, that indeed the banning is all automated since everytime I create an account, I end up losing it after the same amount of time each time I create an account which is 5-10 seconds aka the Grace Period. Also I noticed the system might of mistaken Caucasian's account during that time as botting too since it banned Caucasian's Sweden account from voting Sweden which is strange since it had nothing to do with my actions. So with that being said, I can now say that this indeed is all a simulation, that we are all trying to break out of. God only knows how far we will get but we will get to the bottom of this Utonish predicament.
@Nova 2016 2018 I there may be a problem building up
5M is long strides away but hopefully you’ll reach it
It’s gonna be a long time but I should have my 10k combos back by the end of July
Once I get my combo I should be able to get the US to 60 again
Like the East African Federation replacing Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, South Sudan, Somalia, and DR Congo
Idek who is voting Vietnam but they are doing some big guns like I am
So if you want to take a game over everything else, good luck
No need to dwell over the past, I see you, Jackie as the guiding light to the future, and whatever you do will shape the future of GCAT and beyond. And with that being said, I wish you the best Jackie.
I just cannot wait for the next live stream believe me
Singapore is not expected to be in this weeks recap!
Unless they combine forces them maybe but will still easily overpower them
Like half of his live streams were with the new music and the other half still had the old music
But since people are trying to bypass the Shadowban and gaining more than 800 on a single combo it’s becoming unfair for others.
I actually did use VPN but it took me 5 months to get it using VPN
I’m pretty sure you’ll be fine if you don’t eat for a whole day
DO YOUR RECAP\n\n# NOW\n\nIF YOU SAY NO THANKS, THEN YOUR GAY🏳️‍🌈
I can end Türkiye’s reign in 1st whenever I want to hehehe
If you havent participated in the Discord Vote yet, join now and vote! https://discord.gg/vYTGzpMvw4
Turkiye is the most popular item on the combo so thats why im voting them
However I won’t be targeting Zambia and Bahrain for now since they weren’t targeted by the red wave
I swear if that guy were to stalk me, I would immediately dox that guy and leak all of his info to the police
This battle will be legendary and will change the course of chat vote history forever
Well I should have described that a bit more because as you all know, DTM is not just an ordinary person who comes around and says things. He’s actually one of the very people who founded the Florida Dwelling foundation and he’s been making a huge profit ever since then.
Also the gap between Greece and Singapore is soon T o reach above 100B
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=R4dHb1A_Amc&si=pzkMQBS_7GIWY0Rn This is how I feel right now. I feel in peace. After years of endless struggle.
It’s crazy how much has changed since then tbh. Back then I didn’t know much about any country, but nowadays I know much more and this list has changed a lot since then.
So for now it will be just like yesterday until I come home
Im just restarting the polls in the thread #deleted-channel
And I cannot even reactivate advanced features because of my past history
Because the Singaporeans are gonna steal Bayu’s money for votes
Don’t worry I’m not gonna rival Türkiye or else it will be my downfall again
In 2026 I can definitely see a future where botting and any form of cheating is almost exterminated completely (unless for whatever reason it becomes a problem again like in 2024 because of some individual like me). Sure Botting will still happen but in very small amounts and most of the action will be against people who are willing to fight each other.
Stage 6 will a repeat of Stage 1 but this time the Top 50 as a whole
Quite interesting when you guys were against it a couple weeks ago
One thing before I go. @Karotten Thank you for your help with restructuring elections and for restoring order in GCAT when us admins couldn’t. I appreciate you for taking the time to helping out GCAT and making it a better place for everyone. Once again thank you.❤️
I don't think Nigeria and Niger would be rivaling Botswana and India but Botswana vs India and Nigeria vs Spain are real
Botswana and South Georgia and Sandwich Islands will be the final NIFA runner ups for 2024 since my PC may not be able to take anymore members until I expand my capacity a bit
Oh interesting I think Zhong is the one voting China
So I guess that means to all the people that have multiple combos to be careful because 99.99% chance that you will lose it eventually
And then I came in December/January and crushed Greece with Singapore moving them to 3rd
@Caucasian Mapper NEO-AIFA 2026🇪🇹 | The Final Chapter of the Idle Vote soon.
Yes and it should go through any amount of tabs you want
No I won't be leaving, however I have muted it and put it at the bottom of my server list
Pretend it’s not Vietnam, I just decided to reuse my old template representing countries
Damn you guys would be complaining about that I bet
@Karotten Since your an Admin as an independent, are you gonna form your own party?
For each video, I’m adding a new section after votes and points which will recap the lifetime points and votes!
Well not just that, but also because Panama is also a close ally of the US and that has also played a big role in my placement for Panama!
@Utonish Let me formally address the community. So I assume you checked the new XP Leaderboard and saw our channels up there. Now you might of thought that we cheated on that since you saw for example a bunch of Chispa accounts and Daniel’s, etc. Now that’s not entirely the story. We spent weeks and months prior to this feature going on throughout our time on the Combo building them up because of this “Shadowban” feature YouTube has implemented after sending 800 chats or something like that. That’s the reason why now you see some many of the same accounts is because it interrupts our voting process on the Combo because we want to vote for as long as we want but we keep having to switch to other channels to make up for it. So all I ask for you to do, is please unban our channels because we are not there for the XP, we are here to vote however way we want for as long as we want. By you banning them this only makes the process of voting much harder because people like Chispa lost a whole 35k just because of your bans. I understand you want to make a clean and fair community, but by banning our channels, you are only making it worse for us voters. Please understand and take this into consideration and unban our accounts(if it’s possible). Thank you and thanks for reading this.\n\n-PoTenTiaL, and your community
They literally gained 900 dislikes in the span of a day
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/vAsZtklR44g?si=e9uMLgDIoRqLXrfP
https://tenor.com/view/doug-maclean-nhl-hockey-stats-statistics-gif-13408391465163304912
This community is once again plagued in corruption and I cannot stand by it anymore.
This alliance will officially replace the The New Order!
Because of course without that, Nigeria would be growing faster than Singapore but because of that feature Singapore could actually pass Nigeria soon
# BREAKING NEWS\nThe Leader of the Baluchistan(Balochistan) has supposedly declared the independence of Baluchistan from the rest of Pakistan and is vowing for Global Backing and Indian Support! This is still developing but if this were to be successful, we could potentially be seeing a new country being formed in South Asia in the region of what is currently the Baluchistan province in Pakistan.
@here Don’t ping @Caucasian Mapper to do his recap because he is studying for his exam so leave him alone
So looks like we all have came from at least a time when things weren’t so great.
Ahh man I promise you I don’t have anything against politics but I sure love the sound of it though when I play it this year
You should break the Saint Barthélemy loop and actually become a top dog for once
Hmmm I’m gonna assume it’s the Red Wave for now until I find out who it is
Bro you really want to see blood shed, alright give me a second
9/17 - The Central Counsel holds on a vote on their fate in NAFA
Nah I don’t like the idea of another SE Asian country being up there
RO: ADP could potentially rival NIFA in the near future so we should probably support NIFA a bit more on the idle vote
This is just to recap what has happened in the past quarter
Oh yeah Alps managed to beat me one week on the chat vote
Because I supported SG from the ground up and Nigeria too
It doesn't have to be entirely based of my list however good choice for UK
Idk how Zhong is doing that but he might be replicating my strategy
@Shut Up Maypi I added your TikTok to #💬◄𝖲𝗈𝖼𝗂𝖺𝗅◍𝖬𝖾𝖽𝗂𝖺►💬
Dang Philippines actually was in 6th which is so interestingly similar to the combo today
The only thing that will take me down are my friends when they are all against me.
But seriously Romania beating Armenia? That’s unheard of.
So that’s how I was able to change the positions of countries
Don’t forget to hug your fabulous man while sleeping so no one will steal it
Also as you may have noticed I’ve changed the font to the actual Utonish font!
I mean Türkiye was also alting to but they did hold a lead against Singapore for a week
Hey guys it’s only fiction please don’t argue with each other
@Utonish Did you realize that there’s a glitch after each update where every country gains a couple million points magically
Maybe the Equilibrium part will probably take the rest of my lifetime who knows
No why would he even do that, stop trying, and in fact I would love to prove you wrong. Hes probably one of the closest friends I have here, a long with Daniel, Caucasian and even TW before. So don't come at me like that if you don't know EsXX like I do
Idk if that means I’m sick or not, but usually when I’m sick, my hearing becomes flatter
Also I’m currently supporting Israel a little bit since they are close to that red mark again
Btw in case you guys are wondering the Utonish logo is actually just the Japanese Hiragana character “ゆ” otherwise pronounced “yu” or just simply the U sound in Japanese which I assume is what made the name “U”tonish
I mean yeah with a very well prepared and thought through site, yeah it’s to be expected
I’m gonna wait until the next live stream, if I want a true redemption arc from all of this, I will need to face the consequences of my actions for now, and I will not do anymore of that. I’ve ruined everything and I cannot ruin anything else I touch.
So Utonish you may need to either fix the problem or restart the idle chat vote as a whole
I call them the red wave because they have one job which is to turn the country section red
But it’s not cool to use someone’s personality for entertainment. All ran by a corrupt leadership
There was no limit and PAP took advantage over it to achieve 1st on the idle chat vote and chat vote
It’s my first hour bro, and plus I only voted for like 6 hours yesterday
Which is surprising more than the votes I gave for Singapore
Still I saved both of their asses from the Red Wave
*But that would come to a close when Falklands finally passed them in votes*
Ok I think he gone @Karotten and @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
No they are only an observer nation however in the future they will join the ACS after a certain process
You know its good when Moldova is ahead of Romania:)
Oh wait is the guy I featured in the 2024 Recap Intro for the ChatVote
Basically a group who dislikes every country on the idle vote
Botswana and India are both on track to become the Third and Fourth nations to pass 1M likes and Fifth and Sixth nations ever to do so. The rivalry between India and Botswana continues to heat up day by day.
I don’t even care if Nigeria gets reset back to 900B, I will keep coming and coming and I’ll tell you what, I’m not gonna quit until my goal is achieved
This is by far my biggest project on the chat vote side of things since last year
I didn't know that. I live in a slum. That's why. \n\nOh no wonder
PoTenTiaL: What, I thought laptop scams were solved 50 years ago?
Thanks to me being able to bypass the 800 limit Nigeria has grown by 500B points this week
It will ask you this, you click the checkbox, and press delete channel
South Georgia Islands meanwhile is now the second member outside of Africa to join AIFA
Japan could potentially peak out around where the Philippines is but it could keep going if it wanted
I’m gonna sacrifice Vietnam and move to whoever is Top 1
Chispa is too powerful and even if I did somehow come back, he would be too much for me to take on.
Although not a lot of coverage unlike Syria so who knows what’s happening right now
Your actually pretty good at English for a Chilean lmao
Nah bro I still can’t stop laughing from “Daniel T Miller”
This is by far the best day for Nigeria! Nigeria has gained over 10k+ votes in the past 24 hours!
Whatever that means, I don’t care if it’s good or bad.
Also I’m also trying to make one too but it’s too complicated for me to even explain
@News Ping \n# Breaking News \nA military plane crashed in Bangladesh. It has crashed in a school named Milestone School and College in Uttara, Dhaka. Many students died in this incident which include, student ranging from; Children, Adolescents and Teenagers. Others are also critically injured. Rest in peace to all of the deceased students. \n\nHere is some reliable news article if you want to learn more:\n\n[AP News](https://apnews.com/article/bangladesh-air-force-training-jet-crash-school-dhaka-4fd5d521dd2f25e06361ac3a7c19bc2c)\n\n[NBC News](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.nbcnews.com/news/amp/rcna219954&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiXr9WTj86OAxVvCjQIHRiZOjIQyM8BKAB6BAgKEAE&usg=AOvVaw2O1uod9dezGZ2q0LdAq9oZ)\n\n[BBC News](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.bbc.com/news/articles/c75rprqwr67o.amp&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiXr9WTj86OAxVvCjQIHRiZOjIQyM8BKAB6BAgOEAE&usg=AOvVaw0BQZlKo1gOCZj6zLusLQWK)\n\n[Al Jazeera](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.aljazeera.com/amp/news/2025/7/21/bangladesh-air-force-plane-crashes-into-college-campus-killing-at-least-19&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiXr9WTj86OAxVvCjQIHRiZOjIQyM8BKAB6BAgMEAE&usg=AOvVaw3hx3B1w5HSozP0P2Yx-rLD)\n\n[CNN News](https://www.google.com/url?q=https://amp.cnn.com/cnn/2025/07/21/asia/bangladesh-air-force-jet-dhaka-school-intl&sa=U&ved=2ahUKEwiXr9WTj86OAxVvCjQIHRiZOjIQyM8BKAB6BAgJEAE&usg=AOvVaw1o2r_B7d4FM0f1F9j2wLFN)
And take the time to delete the channel on the brand account your transferring to first before transferring if that makes sense
I’m telling you @Utonish like how is that possible with only 325k votes
Utonish: Also im gonna bring back the idleviewvote but without the videos
Back in the good old days when I was just starting to vote Nigeria
Idc just as long he proves that he can be better than Nigeria
Remember the time travelling shit and the WW3/4 stuff
Because I’m too busy with Nigeria anyway for the same reason, I want to pass Singapore
Just imagine, people will find exploits greater than we can comprehend
If APT continues to blow up which I doubt then it could have a chance to rival Despacito.
Got it, invite him to GCAT and your party will be eligible to run for elections next month!
The main threat on the idle chat vote at this point is only the French, and I will say this one more time, those French are slow but they will eventually overtake Singapore multiple times over who knows when but France and its departments is the only force left at this point
Maybe I’ll save this for an April fools prank in the future
@Jason08 should Transfer ownership of this server to Luis since he’s the president now
HE REALLY THINKS HE CAN UNITE THE WHOLE COMMUNITY AGAINST ME
Nigeria\nNiger\nGuinea\nBenin\nKenya\nFalkland Islands\nDR Congo\nSierra Leone\nCameroon\nTogo\nTanzania\nAlgeria\nMali\nSenegal
I’ve heard about the weird story about the Kalmyks and how they came from Mongolian Oirats or something like that and they immigrated to what is now Kalmykia and that’s how Kalmykia became the only Buddhist majority area in Europe that didn’t come from Modern immigration patterns.
Here’s my instagram if you want to follow me: https://www.instagram.com/possibly.the.potential?igsh=NTc4MTIwNjQ2YQ%3D%3D&utm_source=qr
He’s gone through many names before so it’s no shock
You also cannot delete the YouTube channel itself or else you will lose your combo entirely
Thats gonna be a part of NIFA's Base TERRA plan which will bring 4-5 more nations to 1M
Anyway I’ll try to make it so the emoji’s automatically change depending on the growth rates we set for it
PoTenTiaL: Im honored to make things like this to happen, I hope one day that people like me would make similiar things happen.
I mean you don’t have a better way to convince Utonish to reset the chat vote?
Say all you want but the battle will be won on the chat vote not by arguing
Ok Utonish released the final days! I can now finish up the visualization
And that’s why I cannot escape this loop because Utonish acts like a burden on me every single day
Great job for remaining under Bayu’s radar because he could change his account anytime to saying “Bosnium is a REAL OVERWEENING Bot voting FK”
Sure however supporting two alliances is a lot to do with one computer and like 40 servers
So I will gladly serve the rest of my term as Admin and will gladly make the transition of power as smooth as possible for whoever wins
So were beginning our alliance starting with Djibouti
There is 1 person on this planet despite there actually being 8b people
@Caucasian Mapper How long will my prison sentence last? If indefinitely I’m fine with that.
Also every country on the idlevote country section now has a dislike count above 1k, so the Chinese have done it now I noticed some countries are starting to go above 1.1k dislikes and even to 2k.
Btw guys AIFA does still exist, we just made up some future lore lol
Just vote in the other channels until it’s over I guess
THIS IS NOT A DRILL\nThe Singaporeans have began an offensive of their own on the idle chat vote!
Like I used to like India a lot and many European countries
They were at one point one of the fastest declining nations but now they are becoming one of the fastest growing nations
I just want to live freely with myself and the outside world. Not with constant fear of stirring up drama for whatever I do here.
Singapore on the chat vote has basically been the Gold Medal total but that could change this week as Israel could pick up their first Gold Medal.
I may be voting on the World Cup but I still can moderate so don’t think I can’t see you
Since for my whole life I’ve been in the US and I’ve only seen Portugal and Spain on my trip last year
My plans is to fully push back Israel and Japan and later expand to other sections to combat Red wave activity
Once I’m finished with my Mission on the idle vote I’ll come back to repass you in votes
I’m sorry for crashing out earlier about the Philippines, I will be changing my strategy with them tomorrow since that is what you guys want and I promise to continue to make a positive impact on the combo!
I’m crying, and angry, I’m depressed, I’m upset. This has definitely put a toll on me today and I fell for it again.
Although Algeria for awhile dominated over Singapore
Well one day or another, it will happen. But at least your efforts will remain there for an eternity
So this is the Weekly Growth from the last report I made. So this is much more appealing right? Well this WILL BECOME THE REAL REPORT! With a bit of changing I will make this the official report with the Lifetime being a full report of everything since 2015 if that makes sense
One thing to look forward to is NIFA Elections! I will explain what they are later.
The problem is not being constantly looked over by Utonish
I guess maybe getting banned from GCAT wasn’t a bad idea. I finally feel freedom in life.
As you can see, he doesn’t respond to the Captcha up above and continues to vote
Back when voting actually meant something on the combo
My theoretical empire, (Nigeria, DR Congo, Niger, + AIFA countries) would be pretty huge but it would overlap with a ton of other empires
Well it was nice having you around for a while, I hope to see you on the otherside one day.
But in the end it all comes down to the people willing to stay for the longest and making the biggest impact
Back before the Red Wave, there were many more countries growing faster than every section
And record yourself copying the value and then voting with that value
Yessir and I’ll be representing the main core of the Empire which is Hawaii Alaska and the Lower 48
We were talking about Mango and him being treasurer
But then it later shifted to Israel since they were gaining a bunch of dislikes
*The alliance that sought to bring “democracy” to the Idle Vote*
Actually Türkiye was but when they left then the party and Algeria took over and of course you for a while
Yeah he likes to go with random names like NBA or even that
Back then I used to only track only the Top 100 so this might be a rough estimate
NIFA: But your gonna make them turn red if you slow them down
Speaking of top years, here’s what I would say are my favorite years:\n\n1. 2025\n2. 2015\n3. 2019\n4. 2018\n5. 2016\n6. 2013\n7. 2017\n8. 2023\n9. 2014\n10. 2024
Yep this is definitely the same people who disliked Israel and liked Antarctica
So yeah I’m trying to find ways that I could break through that
@Utonish Please take our ideas into consideration if you ever have plans to remake the idle vote
Of course Daniel. It may be hard to believe me after all the times I’ve gone insane. Ugh it’s just so hard to keep your word but I promise that no matter what happens, I will always remember what the community wants best from me since I valued them from the beginning. You might remember awhile ago when I started my Nigeria operation, that I did it not because I wanted to dethrone a country which had been controversy but because I valued what the community said. I care about the community so much. That’s why I’m still here. I care about you guys so much no matter what I say or do. You guys mean a lot to me. And I’ve since realized that after all of this, you guys think the same way about me. I’m thankful for your guys support. Especially you Daniel, I appreciate all your support you have given me, and without you I wouldn’t be here right now writing this. So with that being said, I’m willing to maintain my wellbeing for now on and ensure that this community will continue to grow and thrive in the positive direction for the future to come. Once again thanks to you all and I hope to continue this for the future to come!
Well so I am I, I’m just wondering if I can get my combo back in case I want to vote again.
If I catch that son of a bitch when I vote tomorrow, that’s it.
Better come at me with some wise words before I apologize to you
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1VjnRekoo_Z_rbd2DEnB60uNYyrSEFvQf
I mean I could just do what I did months ago with Nigeria but this time with the Philippines but it just seems so hard to do now. Idk why but deep within me, just running a simple campaign nowadays is so hard to do.
And thats only in the span of half of year compared to 2 whole years
But of course I have the transfer exploit in my pocket if it does happen
Dude Russia was growing at 6.1k growth but now there growing at 23k growth
Although I have noticed Vietnam’s points is catching up to my total user points
Well I plan to release a half year recap and the usual end of year one as well
😢 I’m actually sad about this. Seeing Caucasian the way he is, it’s just heartbreaking.
# POTENTIAL DO YOUR DAILY TOP POWERS OF COMBO FOR POINTS AND VOTES
But that’s all I’m gonna say because I don’t wanna waste my time on stupid shit like this
We gonna get it, get it together I know,\nGonna get it, get it together somehow,\nGonna get it, get it together and flower,\nOh oh oh oh oh,\nWe gonna get it, get it together I know,\nGonna get it, get it together and flow,\nGonna get it, get it together and go,\nUp&Up & Up&Up Up
Try investing your time in creating ways to get more votes I have been doing with Nigeria and Niger
I’m left empty handed after each day wondering what happened and that’s why
But I’m not sure though since that info it’s based on YouTube’s terms of service
You think that because they are third world is a reason to dislike them. I’m very disappointed. Just because they are poor and they cannot clean themselves. It’s so disgusting to make such assumptions like that.
@Karavase Last warning, your votes ain’t going through
If they can have combos on like 20+ accounts this is game changing
Just wait until I reach 30B on the ComboVote! But anyway congratulations Chispa!🔥🔥
I’m just scared that once Nigeria has once again accomplished 1M growth per second that Utonish is just gonna nerf them again
The fact I voted over 1.5M times in those years is crazy
Looks like North Korea might go red again soon as well
Also during this time Siberia joins the ADP after Russian Confrontation of Siberia being too pro-ADP
RO: Oh yeah I can just set up an auto clicker of some sort to automatically vote Nigeria! Great idea!
That was one of the biggest belows to NAFA's reputation during that time
Utonish I seriously ask you to ban Bayu because he’s overwhelmingly votes ID and bypassing the cooldown when he votes and sits at his desk 24/7 voting ID. Please Utonish ban him!
I’ve had enough of your thoughts of getting rid of me. It’s either gonna work or not work. And let me tell you. It is gonna work. So I’m gonna take my break now, and I’ll come back tomorrow morning same time, and if you don’t stop this bullshit by then, you are truly a horrible person just like as I was, and you will be treated as such.
Until you tell me your(or your friends) story without blaming me or anyone for that matter, this is not over
Basically everyone is a bot now. Now that Utonish doesn’t do anything about them now, everyone is starting to embrace it
I’m not striving for what makes me happy, I’m striving for what makes the community happy, is getting rid of the scum that lied to us for so long
You just divide those points by 20 since there are no likes and yup
That’s why before Türkiye came, Vietnam was first for quite some time and had a rivalry with Nigeria
Sorry about that but I definitely don’t want Nova to be mad again for all sorts of chaos like this.
Thats right guys, the daily favorite countries report is back:)
It was dragging me down a dark path in my life and I needed to end it soon because nothing seemed to work
Although the problem is that a lot of votes are botted but honestly idc just as long as it’s a proper result
At least that was justified, but in this case with Venezuela, they didn’t do shit to us and we’re bullying them for literally no reason
Please forgive me Karavase. I hope we can still work together
And then people are gonna use services like Nox to create artificial devices
RO: Look at every vote count it has 2 at least once
@GCAT Citizen I cannot wait to show you the updates coming to my list later today! Stay tuned!
Dude first of all fix your W key and second of all, I use like 12 different accounts daily
That will put them probably #20 but I’m not sure if they will last
And they all have massive combos on the ComboVote too
Ok well at least you didn’t overuse like Chispa and Bilip have
Best Live Stream in the future:\n1. _____Vote\n2. ChatVoteCombo\n3. ChatVote\n4. IdleChatVote
That’s impossible mainly because Utonish doesn’t save the data for the idle vote but it is possible to make projections based off of how fast each country is growing
I tried to do that but yeah the hosting problems got in the way of that
Just like how AIFA would merge together to create a federal state in the 2020s
So I’m sorry guys about the whole botting ordeal but unfortunately I have to do it FOR NOW
I will vote Georgia 100 times per day until they reach 200k
Believe me If you make something possible don’t make it without a benefit to those around you.
And if Utonish bans them again, you can recover them over and over again
And me and Denis are technically still friends I just don’t know if Denis agrees with me
However that doesn't mean im leaving because as I said, I will be helping you guys
And even there was a mod the mod can’t do much other than looking at the chat and it would take Utonish a long time to change the data if someone was cheating
@Caucasian Mapper Just pass Nigeria already, I don’t care
Wait the fact that I voted Singapore awhile ago, does that mean I’m PAP?
@Caucasian Mapper Your right when you said I have a bad sleeping schedule lately
Lol I was acting the same way to you yesterday when you tried to dislike India
That’s what Czechia got on the second day of the CVC1 got it
THE US HAS PASSED ANTARCTICA TO BECOME THE FASTEST GROWING NATION!
Oh yeah your right something happened to my template
But first they would need to pass the country which literally surrounds them
Uh guys, could this mean he’s gonna do something bad to himself? This may be a warning sign.
Algeria has become the second nation after Singapore to pass Türkiye
Hmm did they send a secret force to dominate the idle vote???
Fuck you and @DTM. I don’t want to hear another word about Benyi ever again please.🥀
@Karotten Don’t launch the nuke until Georgia is ahead of Nigeria
RO: I will vote Nigeria ahead of Botswana for good!
This is a huge development, as now the idle chat vote is losing it’s prominence to the more popular Combo
Anyway this was meant to be IdleChatVote not IdleVote
Israel is no longer red, however AIFA isn’t done yet
I’m hopefully gonna Indonesia by the end of this week
@Caucasian @iu mãi VN-A615 and @Lenon (Stadtbild) I suggest you should start preparing for round 1 which will take place this Friday! I will also be volunteering to run since there is only 3 people running this month which is a far cry from July.
Believe me, when you grow up, you are not going to succeed in life. I don’t want to escalate this situation any further, now goodbye
But go ahead just as a long as you are not like this
Infact all the nation's in the red their dislikes are going up almost every update
Although I think PAP was supporting them the week after that
Well as I said no one knows what they do behind the scenes and all we can assume is that they are either botting or it is actually legit about they are commenting in each of Utonish’s recaps. Now you are correct about them repeating certain numbers over and over again and we have no idea why they do that other than them potentially botting or something else.
Stage 1: Denial = You think that Utonish is a normal channel\nStage 2: Anger = You become the most influential voter of Utonish and exploit the experience\nStage 3: Bargaining = You expose yourself in hopes that Utonish will stop his aggressive acts and that voting becomes more fair\nStage 4: Depression = Remembering the times when it was fair and balanced and throwing away all of your fame that you could ever have in the Utonish universe\nStage 5: Acceptance = You realize Utonish is a complete fraud and that your life has truly been a waste of time
AND IF UTONISH BANS IT AGAIN, I WILL REPEAT THE PROCESS
The total idle chat vote points is about equal to that of Vatican City on the chat vote
Says the guy that botted Barbados to Top 1 back in 2022
I would consider last Friday to be the best day of month by far
@Utonish Please release your data so I can finish my video
I officially announce Nigeria and its African Counterparts officially declare full on war on the Chinese and its allies
Alr then I guess will see each other again in 6 hours
Well it’s the Vietnamese word for being able to or ability.
That’s like more than Indonesias weekly record this week
There are people willing to put the work in and actually make a difference
NIFA Alarmed by this leads an expedition to the Earthquake sites
https://tenor.com/view/desi-ioneemno-desi-banks-yezzir-yessir-gif-26090737
All of which will be under supervision by AIFA for Red Wave activitiy
Wait Georgia did something today that I forgot to record?
Fuck that, you passed the Philippines and you said you weren't gonna pass them
I’m fine with the trolling but don’t use political topics.
This week im gonna update the Growth patterns a bit
No not Canada there’s a Chinese voter “Forbiddin City”
Then create more channels. If you want to spend more time here, do that, but at least like you always say, you are content and you want to be fair right?
You good? Israel and North Korea lost so much down growth yesterday and today.
Also in case your wondering, the OFN reorganized the world into bigger countries, so for example before WW4, India was separated into ofc India, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Sri Lanka. Or for example ASEAN or Maphilindo which was basically all the modern countries we have in our universe before WW4 and the OFN reorganized them into those states. So yeah a lot different.
Like I’m basically busy 24/7 and I end up forgetting about this platform anyway when I’m busy
Falkland Islands on the Idle Vote:\nPoints: 259,533,165,794\nGrowth: 84,519\nTotal Votes(Likes and Dislikes): 86,721\nNew Growth this Week: 11,381\nNew Votes(Likes and Dislikes) this Week: 11,383
Fuck Nigeria is growing only 100 votes daily but these countries are growing like 500 daily
Well the points will now be based on each region instead of Continent
Is this all my fault?? Why is everyone ignoring me?? Did I do something wrong?? It seems as if what I said earlier “Even if this whole community is against me, I wouldn’t care.” that has come back to bite me.
Omg Forhad is making me proud! Once I see him I’m gonna give em a huge kiss on the cheek
However Stage -1 would be considered cheating to YouTube
OFFICIAL THUMBNAIL FOR TOMORROW’S IDLE CHAT VOTE VIDEO
https://tenor.com/view/joanne-the-scammer-dancing-happy-dance-fabulous-gif-17068544299150539954
Oh yeah after I said those Fascist comments about AIFA, Nigeria has been gaining a butt tons of dislikes
I know you are exhausted and in pain for this but don’t take this out on yourself
I know it’s possible for more nations to grow faster than Indonesia this week!
3/27 - Utonish begins preparations to reduce the amount of votes without affecting the growth of countries
Tomorrow AIFA is gonna expand their operations to Iraq and Sri Lanka
@GCAT Citizen Sorry for the unnecessary ping.\n\n# Relating to #😂◄𝖬𝗈𝗆𝖾𝗇𝗍𝗌►😂 \n**STOP** Posting unnecessary content that’s not related to you. We are only posting moments that happen during full fledged conversations or in videos. So please don’t spam each other’s threads with unnecessary spam content because I will delete them.
YOU HAVE TO RECREATE UTONISH FROM SCRATCH WITHOUT MAKING A MISTAKE! 0.000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000… 1% chance succeeding
So I wasn't able to run in September either way because I ran twice already
Here’s a better question, Is everything in Europe colder than PAP Botting undetected for 2 years, then trying to redeem himself by voting Nigeria and making his reputation even worse?
Romania will be around 100B behind Greece so if they finish that war I won’t pass them anytime soon
Well if you talking about “good things” you’re referring to them helping other countries, but that’s beside the point. They can support all the countries they want and get away with getting a “Thank you” from everyone they help, but it’s not gonna change the fact that they are cheating on a live stream limited by YouTube’s own rules and they are literally breaking it in realtime everytime they click that stupid transfer button.
Because as you know if you include Nigeria and Germany’s banned votes to it then it’s 17M
But then I didn’t and they started to go against me too
*They would somehow have to break out of it but it would come back to them*
I kinda hate how there is no option to set it not to update but ok
I was a pretty huge contributor to the US back then as well
Same like the CoSahel, we will be merging the countries together on the recaps if it does happen in the future. But NIFA lore is kinda complicated because as of April 2025, Kenya and DR Congo along with most of sub-Saharan Africa make up the Central African Council within NIFA. So to fix that, will just rename the council to the "South-East African Council."
And for my other combo\nFrom 10k to 65k → 2062537500 points
Don’t worry Utonish will most likely fix those bugs later
Ok so I have searched up this exact message in the Utonish server and it the creepy part is that only Benyi’s message shows up as you can see on on the top. But it doesn’t show up since I blocked him.
Wherever I go I always encounter hate against my doings
And that’s the text that was hidden the entire time
I bet you my friend would be able to beat him so don’t let him bring you down towards hell for not responding to you. Just vote as usual and focus on what matters to you and not what matters to Jamaica.
Kinda Ironic because the only mutual friend I see of his is you. So yes, stop trying to troll us Sonar. It’s not funny bro.
He had his secret weapon which was Kamala Harris and shes currently beating trump
I don’t want anything to do with Utonish anymore and that’s it
No problem with me because I have a bigger combo than them I’m pretty sure
But whatever does happen I don’t really care since I’m gonna go inactive on this server soon
Alright North Macedonia has been officially reclaimed but their dislike count continues to go up
10K COMBO FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YOU HONESTLY THINK IM GONNA BE UNFAIR AND BOT PASSED YOU?
It will take 121 Days approximately to pass Indonesia
That’s why us GCAT should work together to create something like that instead of relying solely on individual projects like Mango’s, Hsinotu’s or even Gradira’s streams
Our Containment Protocol has once again been activated to contain the French Southern Territories from turning Red
They contributed 40k votes bringing FK all the way to 100k
# MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE\nTo celebrate I have temporarily updated the logo to be Christmas themed! Wish you all a Merry Christmas!🎄🎅
Also let me remind you something @Nova 2016 2018\n\nYou are not the king of the Utonish community, but you are the ruler over your own GCAT community. So @Karotten I suggest that we do something about the @Owner status as well.
Lol if I were to push Russia 60k per day. I would easily pass Nigeria in 9-10 days
3/24 - Canary Islands, Spain is struck by the strongest Earthquake in their history at a 5.1 magnitude
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 Btw this is taking longer than expected, you can post the IdleChatVote and ChatVote reports for now
But the Idle Chat Vote luckily we have been able to cover since the start
At this point now it is impossible for an Indonesian counter attack to successfully recapture 1st place
You just divide whatever countries points you want by the total points - SG points or for votes thats countries votes divided by total votes - SG Votes
And I managed to beat that by going from 200k to 1M in 5 months
**IF YOU CONTINUE I WILL GET RID OF YOUR MOD PERMS**
Turkey is officially the First Nation on the idle chat vote to pass 100B!
I can try to use seconds but it’s a lot more complicated to program
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=Oncu0bgdcXU&si=hTZrR0jgsY7OHf51 Nostalgia hits hard
And in case your wondering, I still have my Spanish combo so I won’t replace it
Listen to this while I make it https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_luIeq_KT1ChXNVQJBL8PSu2HKQZnVU_Qg&si=B55uAxo1Zwvmuay-
Anyway I’m fine with October if that’s what Nova feels is right
Then do some automated shit or something if your busy, I mean I would
RO: Like I would of noticed errors even while hallucinating
We create a thread where the voting takes place. And then you create something that will detect those votes on that thread and add it to whatever country code it is just like how the chat vote works.
So now as I said before I’m trying to break that limit again
So @Caucasian Mapper You said you didn’t want Armenia to pass Georgia, we will gladly obey to that
If Türkiye really wants to get 1T they need to vote 10x of what they are doing right now
This is kind of how I would pronounce Niger\n“Knee-Cher”
I’m sorry but it’s only meant for Vietnamese voters but, hey if you want to vote Vietnam your welcome to join
LAND OF THE RISING SUN🇯🇵 https://youtube.com/shorts/EnRpE9o5Bag?si=xAwyEOWSzKmDEqeg
For some reason in the Winter I think of Morocco the most lmao
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I officially declare you the new leader of the Democratic Party of GCAT! You can rebrand it into something new if you feel like it!
I’m gonna talk to his ass about his Muslim supremacy shit
Its already set in stone, lets not talk about that any further
https://tenor.com/view/gord%C3%A3o-bomba-nuclear-gif-8824531786301161188
@Bosmium I think I know what’s happening with the AU. It’s the same people who disliked Vietnam and now they are targeting the AU.
Yes it may not be much but it will play out in the end
I literally have nothing to work with on the combo, but my mind at moment wants me to do something, like wtf💀
Oh yeahhhh like me after a crash out. Let the both of them cool down like me
Guys, its already 2025 so some yall, but now, we must introduce the next generation, introducing Generation Beta!
Obviously Utonish is gonna get rid of it afterwards
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I’m also gonna start to update the Fire Designs so be ware when you make your reports
You shouldn't even be aloud to vote on Utonish lmao
Bilip will probably get it first though on the ChatVoteCombo
And even if you don’t, don’t take your anger out on Denis
Which will probably take away most of the popularity from the Combo and Chat Vote
Also Singapore is officially the First Nation on the chat vote pass 5T points!
NIFA ALERT: The Red Wave is currently attacking Niger: one of our members. NIFA is actively supporting Niger in their effort to push back the Red Wave.
So if you don’t reach your goal you can make it up on the weekends
Just please stop these hateful campaigns against me just because I vote Nigeria
This too was the shit https://korewopoi.com/free-track4/
Ok then maybe what I could see happening was he somehow joined back without sending a welcome message in #👋◄𝖶𝖾𝗅𝖼𝗈𝗆𝖾►👋 and saw my messages and then left
All of them because the more countries we vote the more we can reset
Now Niger is exactly where they are on the Idle Chat Vote!
But it’s just gone out of my head the next day like nothing happened
@Caucasian Mapper BE CAREFUL SINGAPORE IS GOING TO PASS GEORGIA IN VOTES
Because it spread the idea of cheating across the idle vote
If you have a public server to host it on than that would be possible
They deserve it big time after all the seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months, even years of being disregarded by the more popular and powerful Singapore
I think that’s probably who is behind disliking Vietnam at the moment
I just happened to be in a bad mood and Denis was proving a good point that not everything relies solely on grinding on the chat vote
But since we are all NFGA we are obligated to help DTM if he accepts
AE: Look our Time Machine now how a portal feature so we can peak into it before going through so make sure it’s the right date
Believe me I had to go through so many crashouts to get PH where they are now
You have solidified yourself as a decent opposition to Vietnam
@Caucasian Mapper You happy now? I changed it from Fabulous Man to something else
If they attack a fifth time, then I may need to start a third combo.
PoTenTiaL: They must be sticking their heads out of toilets
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=YPmxBTPyWBI&si=31w_l4zZNZEa0M2x This is one of my favorites
SARC would later help rebellion in OFN Asiana and would merge with them to form the Tibet Convention
And yes I have combined dislikes and likes to make the total votes
I have renamed the server to "Utonish" because this is the official server now
You know what, @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 and @bilip blop I give up on getting 1M votes by the end of 2025. Im just gonna try to get 800k votes instead and then 1M votes eventually later in 2026.
Wait a second, it was somebody who used to be a different name
The Red Wave seems to be slowing down on Israel so they must be moving somewhere
Many original nations would be pretty high on this list due to the great legacies these countries have had on the idle vote but have since faded away leaving them a huge point to votes ratio
I mean the problem with that is that there are multiple sections but obviously Utonish wouldn’t do every section right?
Well obviously Singapore is number 1 with around 1.1M+ votes
Nigeria is less than 200 away from passing 100k votes!
Since I have reached 1M total votes this year I would like to give a quick recap of all of my votes(even if most are botted)\n\n1. Nigeria🇳🇬 - 470k-480k Votes on ChatVote\n2. Philippines🇵🇭 - 450k Votes on Combo\n3. Singapore🇸🇬 - 130k Votes on Combo\n4. Niger🇳🇪 - 80k Votes on ChatVote\n5. India🇮🇳 - 50k-60k Votes on Combo\n6. Singapore🇸🇬 - 50k Votes on ICV\n7. Philippines🇵🇭 - 30k Votes on ChatVote\n8. United States🇺🇸 - 25k Votes on Combo\n9. Nigeria🇳🇬 - 20k Votes on Combo\n10. Germany🇩🇪 - 10k-15k Votes on Combo\n11. Georgia🇬🇪 - 5k-10k Votes on Combo\n12. Other Nations - 30k Votes on Combo
@Utonish Can you update the flags of Afghanistan and Honduras on all your live streams?
And then I’m like: Anti-RedWave doctrine remember just like the countries around it
Without it, I doubt you can make a stage 2 operation
That would be cool because Utonish said he wasn’t gonna do one
Alternate Future of the World be like on your Channel:
I honestly don’t think we’re gonna get too far with this one since Utonish is probably gonna reset us
I probably won’t get over this until I see change in Caucasian. \n\n@Nova 2016 2018 Can you please talk to him about this whole admin thing because I think Caucasian has probably lost it.
And if he accepts, then Utonish will die and will give you access to all of the live streams and you will become the new Utonish
I’m quite aware of the overwhelming NIFA dominance in the Top 10, so I’ll try to vote US, Indonesia, and Antarctica a little bit more, but eventually Japan, Israel, and Russia will make it into the Top 10
THE BEST MONTH IN IDLE VOTE HISTORY https://youtube.com/shorts/mliKFXI1W68?si=MqUE3r3sDVi4Fpq0
Поэтому я занял его место и жду, пока он успокоится. Извините за то, что он вам сказал.
You copy and paste “Ch1” and then you put 0 next to it
Also I have renamed the server to “Global Community of All Topics” to differentiate between the “Free GCAT” server.
But if you have an alliance like I did, it’s much harder to fend for them too especially if they target multiple countries per update
Now my combo points are greater than Mexico’s combined points on the ChatVoteCombo
RO: Infact NIFA actually mentioned it’s just a devastating earthquake
And then WW3 had to happen which crippled AE’s economy making them collapse into several different states
Today I have have officially beaten my Singapore record on the IdleChatVote Record votes by 4k more votes with the Philippines on the Combo. Thank you all for coming along this Journey. Additionally we have our first 900k Country in the Chat Vote universe, that being Türkiye reaching 900k on the Combo making them the first to do so on any live stream other than the Idle Vote
@Utonish Your community voted in favor of it so please listen to your community and do it
Oh that’s kind of tuff, you need to step up your game @Karotten
It’s not worth believing in some fake illusion that your dominating
Absolutely! The server really needed it when you began to expand the server to more topics.
For the Videos at the end of June, there will be the usual “Most gained” ones, but I will also make a “History” ones too like I did last year in June and December which will recap the total points and votes.
Nowadays Spain is growing a little bit faster than Nigeria, but that goes to show how much time has gone by since my time ended
Obviously the Idle Chat Vote is growing so much more faster than the Chat Vote and very soon more of the leaderboard will be Idle Chat Vote
And ill go over what the Growth List will look like
Once Niger is in power, they will pursue a more Pro-African integration stance supporting the upcoming Four Corners Project in North East Africa and integrating all of the African Union into AIFA’s different branches. Although despite that Niger will continue some of Nigeria’s previous efforts like preventing the spread of the red wave across the country section and unlike last time maintain that for longer periods of time
But unlike real communists, the CCP don’t push for communist policies
I have no idea why they like Antarctica so much but what they are doing to the countries around them is just fucked up
Well I originally wanted the :fire9: to be for 1B+ gained points or 10k+ votes gained on combo, but I’m not really into the idle chat as you are so it’s up to you on what you want to define them as on the idle chat
So because of that you put Japan higher or South Korea higher?
Like just imagine getting kicked out your own Federation for being selfish
Just my mind literally wants me to vote and cause more destruction, but in reality I have nothing to work with. All of my channels are banned, I cannot even create a new channel. I’m just left with nothing.
Well at least dislike France but not their territories
Yeah when it gets to the higher numbers it gets harder
The French empire is slowly rising though but does not make it to the Top 5
But speaking of passing countries. I will come back soon
Ok maybe ratioing the Philippines is a bit of an over exaggeration
Yeah just do what you can, and don’t push yourself too much
Which ended as yet another defeat which would change idle chat vote history forever
@Videomaker 🇧🇦 If you can, can you rival Belarus and take them down?
Like seriously, what can Utonish do to stop the cheating
*Suddenly there’s an Earthquake happening a couple hundred miles from them*
Caucasian calm the fuck down, they are still in the Top 60. If anything, it isn't people not caring about Ukraine, its just people oversee it and don't pay attention to them. Thats why Ukraine fell is because of that. Its not that we hate them, its just there are bigger priorities.
Bro you serious rn, I’m just chilling and you send me nudes
Even though I had most of my crash outs during that time
I swear to god Tomas, if you don’t stop using my VPN, I will dislike Armenia to its fullest.
Well I mean I we all knew about it but yet we didn’t seem to care much about it lol
You all might of thought I would of went crazy with the Stage 3 and Stage 4 type shit but that’s not my full story
Think about it, if like 100 people set up an auto clicker on a country, that would be more than what I can do
Whatever your still obligated by the OFN to do your recap
HOW I DONT EVEN HAVE MY ACCOUNTS AND I DONT EVEN HAVE A COMBO
RO: But using the time machine will probably further destroy our timeline
Once Türkiye on the combo passes Indonesia on the chat vote  which is frighteningly close, Türkiye on the combo will officially become the most voted Country on any Utonish project other than the Idle Vote
North America:\n1. 🇺🇸 United States\n2. 🇨🇦 Canada\n\nCentral and Caribbean:\n1. 🇲🇽 Mexico\n2. 🇸🇻 El Salvador\n3. 🇬🇹 Guatemala\n\nSouth America\n1. 🇧🇷 Brazil\n2. 🇦🇷 Argentina\n3. 🇵🇪 Peru
@Nova 2016 2018 Done! This is our new years channel!
Oh yeah I heard a slowed down version of that song somewhere
Ok well jokes aside that shit really got me jacked up
Yeah ok so all you have to do is edit the photo and I’ll edit it on the video and send it
Give a break bro, I’ve went through so much suffering like Bilip has. Believe me, both ways of voting require tons of effort to do.
@Karotten = @·༻Khả❀Năng༺· @Bayu = @Benyi Pratam = @Caucasian Mapper = @Utonish 😱😱😱
So maybe Utonish knows what I’m doing and somehow bans it
Basically after you vote 800 times on any of your live streams, your votes stop going through
Luckily AIFA didn’t exist during that time so lucky you
Hopefully it’s not the guy I met threeyears again that began this madness
3/22 - NIFA implements the new housing system in their cities
Since its past 24 hours and our combos are probably already lost to time
Bro this rivalry between Germany and Vietnam is insane bro💀
Unless he switched accounts, or he deleted them too late
China was being supported by PAP and Boston was on the rise
Yeah I’m fine with that as long as Nova keeps doing his job
Even I as an 8 year old can do it in probably 5 minutes or less
There’s no way Leo Messi and UR Cristiano have the same growth
Maybe the red wave are the friends we made along the way🥲
@Sonar Tori's Control (SBC) You know better than that
No such country or item on the idle vote deserves to be hated
So as it turns out, the number 1 country this year is\n# 🇻🇳 Vietnam!
The user does something and it sends an output back based on the users input
So first we have the Europa Branch which @Karotten owns
And your the highest items outside of the Country Section
*BREAKING NEWS*\nThe gap between Singapore and Indonesia is below 1T!
NIFA Alert: Utonish has recently changed the vote rate to 1 vote per 30 seconds on the whole idle vote. This means extra votes for everyone, but at the same time means more votes for NIFA and the Red Wave. So expect to see bigger offenses by both sides on the idle vote.
He was fueled from my aggression on the Live streams
EONY Related Lore:\nThe EONY Arc has been going on for 5 years since 2020-2025. Over those years, we’ve gone through 5 different chapters with each year being different in hopes of finding something better to escape to. In the end it didn’t prevail and now we end up back where we started wondering what we do next. Now we have to choose our path. We either choose Blue or Red.
For the most well known facts, you should add Rise of Singapore, and in the Water, you should add Singapore = Nigeria = PoTenTiaL
So far though still only 3 nations have 10k votes! That being Türkiye, Algeria and Singapore
@Caucasian You must be happy looking at Georgia in 10th place lmao
Or don’t fix it and let people touch grass for once
VIETNAM ON THE COMBOS HAS PASSED VIETNAM ON THE CHATVOTECOMBO!
I will be passing Nigeria with votes on the chat vote with the Philippines with votes on the combo
THE US HAS PASSED 500K GROWTH WERE HALFWAY THERE TO 1M!
BUT HEARING THIS MAN TALK ABOUT HIS OPERATIONS MAKE ME EXPLODE
The Red Wave wanted to have nothing to do with that plan continued to ramp up attacks
But including Singapore Mainland South East Asia is 1
I’m just gonna stick with the combo for now because I’m done with botting
Nigeria for the first time in 6 months has broken their dislike gain record gaining over 1k dislikes in a single day.
BUT STILL NOVA IS GONNA GO SUPERNOVA IF WE KEEP GETTING INTO HIS DRAMA
Botswana and US after getting passed by Japan in growth: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
https://tenor.com/view/robot-ai-robot-ai-meme-ai-meme-gif-509507551361818171
That bayu account is yours so yeah that’s two from you
So if you really want to get first overall you can do that. I just want first in the country section
It’s a shame she left, and I always wonder what happened to her. I genuinely feel bad for her for everything we’ve done towards her. Even though she cared mostly for her country of heritage, she was just as innocent as my mom as I used to refer to her as since she acted similarly to my mom.
I’m gonna figure out how I can solve this problem with Nigeria
My dumb little brain thought that was some chemistry💀
Also PAP seems to be back for another number 1 spree.
So I was scrolling through Subscriber Count Live Streams and I came across one of Utonish’s live streams which I believe was the original Idle Vote on back in 2022 since you know, MDM was popular back in 2022, and yeah that’s how I came across the Idle Vote Live Stream randomly and that’s how I got into Utonish as a whole
You transfer the channel with the combo of your choice
OURBan: We all get banned from the internet and thus we are forced to touch grass 24/7
Weekly Idle Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/G4hS2C4vTys?si=lyrZdPHtJQCiUwHR
Maybe by the end of the week if Utonish does a recap for the Idle Chat Vote I’ll combine both chat votes and maybe will see how things go
Your the worst person the idle vote that ever existed, meanwhile I’m the worst person on the live streams
Well not now of course because NIFA is in hibernation
So if you vote Sint Maarten you gotta vote more than that
And keep lecturing it to sit the fuck down when you tell it to
He must of saw Nigeria being dominant and decided to vote them on both chat votes along with Niger and DR Congo
HEADS UP! ANOTHER NEW PREMIERE SOON! https://youtu.be/r8nLzek5oRg?si=WNmllgEAp8E6xN2v
Let me know if you disagree with this and I will gladly implement your ideas to this
Here are the fastest growing on the IdleVote currently after my nerf. (No one really cares though)\n#1 India: 450,788 per second\n#2 Indonesia: 379,380 per second\n#3 Antarctica: 356,677 per second \n#4 Botswana: 338,986 per second\n#5 Spain: 268,356 per second\n#6 Philippines: 253,681 per second\n#7 *Nigeria* 230,183 per second
I totally agree. If only everyone can agree on that. I hate to see a world where all we dwell on is politics for daily life, like can we at least all agree upon something.
Well im not sure why they got banned, maybe it was because the Canadians were mocking PAP by having their own account known as PAP and Utonish probably banned the wrong one.
Whoever is the leader of NIFA will have the most power within the alliance
If Utonish bans an account it means you can nolonger vote for good
Utonish nerfed them once already, i wouldn't be surprised if they got nerfed again.
NIGERIA HAS BECOME THE THIRD EVER NATION TO PASS 3T!
Also let’s not argue on who’s a bot and instead watch MrBeast pass T-Series
“Why do I even do this?” “Why does AIFA even exist.” “Moreover why does the red wave even exist?” “Did it ever have to be this way?” “Does this even matter?” “All of these people and objects seem like, they don’t even exist anymore?” “Is this just an alternate universe?” “Where dislikes and likes exist. Separately from one another. And then it got so bad that they get exploited to a point of no return.” “How did we even get to this point?” “Can we just return to the times where it was all fun?” “It’s all I can believe.” “But I got so close to achieving something. That would have led me back to the joy of the past.” “What went wrong these days?” “Could I ever get back home?” “Am I stuck here forever?” “The constant struggle of finding my place.” “I wish I could go back to the old days. Where for once I could live in peace again.” “When will I?” “This is the end.” “From your beloved friend from another universe.” “Likes and dislikes are too far from being fixed.” “Just have to accept it.” “I’m sorry for all the things that have happened and anything I’ve done.” “Farewell.” “I will miss you.” “From the Utonish universe.” “This is my last goodbye.” “Long live Planet Earth.” “May god be with you.” “Farewell.” -PoTenTiaL 2024 to future generations.
New Visualization: IdleChatVote Growth History since 2024! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/18985010/
Ok that’s it I’m ignoring you. If you don’t stop talking about the red wave blah blah blah I don’t want to hear about it
Anycase anyone is wondering how the idlevote recap will be tracked, well it will be based off of most increased growth subtracting increased decreases
And I don’t plan to retaliate because well yeah now that they have a 1k combo it’s impossible now to counterattack
As the main voter of the Philippines, we stand with you Bilip❤️
I can see the Spanish maybe repassing China in the near future and maybe Algeria too
10/6 - All African Counsels agree not to fight each other in the near future except the Southern Counsel
1/7/25 - With the help of NIFA the last country in the world Zimbabwe finally passes 100k likes
I have put this server in place of the old Utonish server
\?+€+\€?\^+?€+\?^+\?+^|?+^?|+^|?*%?|*%]?%|?*%~?*%{?*%]?^+?|^+?|^+?+?|%*?*|
9/19 - Seeing the instability in NAFA the Northern Counsel splits from NAFA
NIFA will also be used to prevent Red resurgences and promote like growth among the whole country section.
I think Romania is gonna need a bit of an upgrade. Are you in for something new? Here’s my plan\n1. You stay active\n2. I vote Romania on ChatVote Combo\n3. Romania will repass Hungary and Bulgaria in my favorites in the upcoming weeks! It’s worked with Philippines, so I bet it will work with Romania
Antarctica is now the 6th fastest growing country behind Guinea
For me I think 2026 is gonna be jam packed. I’m gonna go on my redemption arc here in Utonish, I’m gonna become one of the best in the Lowell Band, I’m gonna branch out to new things, and repeat.
Ladies and Gentlemen, this is the end of an era in the Utonish universe.
Whoever is supporting Nigeria and the DRC on the chat vote is a true chad, and as the person who supported Nigeria on the Idlevote, I see this as an absolute win!
The discord vote is now out! Join the thread above to vote
No he’s saying that I supported him when I voted Nigeria since I voted Singapore on the Combo but yeah @Benyi Pratam is a whore like he said
Romania is doing better than Nigeria as of now so they will be the first to
Speaking of that, can I see the images you used of the combo so I can make my daily list tomorrow?
Because all they are doing is ruining other peoples lives
Nope I’ve never even been to anywhere other than Spain and Portugal but I do plan to at least go to somewhere in Asia
Yeah because Bayu used to bot Indonesia a ton which is why they are 3rd to this day
Damn imagine a country with 1.4B people beating a country with 330M people in average IQ💀
Thank you everyone for coming along ever since the creation of Utonish itself
Thats the way of life you know, we get tired and get into things and eventually we forget about it
@userdev_ Are you voting as “sir” on the Idle Chat Vote? Because how tf did you just vote four times in a row within 12 seconds?
Now OECD is supporting NAFA in their efforts to convert to country section to green
Most of which are dealing with the same problems as you are fun fact
But I’m too busy fighting Karavase to even care about the World Cup. So I will come back maybe after I finish my reconquest for number 1 on the ICV
You should probably vote china incase Israel decides to counter-attack and passes china
That’s because that person who is voting might of blocked your channel. It happened to me when Bayu, the dude who voted Indonesia blocked my channel so I can’t see him voting in chat but I could see him on the stream. So if that’s what you are referring to then that’s the reason.
@Caucasian Mapper You got 30 seconds to live, what will you do?
Don’t tell me I’m gonna get into another controversy
Israel has been officially converted red\n\nIf AIFA didn’t support them now.
That’s why there are people who continue to bot despite you constantly banning them
So just listen to me for one time and just keep your content like you keep telling me
But basically everything else, India is neutral In everything
United States vs Antarctica Growth War Update:\n🇦🇶Antarctica: 806,851 + 60 Growth\n🇺🇸United States: 447,744 + 101K Growth
In terms of Base TERRA, AIFA will still commit to it but will limit the amount of growth being made unless it’s fair
Lol Georgia was the only one that gained dislikes yesterday on the whole section
Especially with all these tariffs and stuff, Trump really thinks he can do whatever he wants like fr bro☠️
Well Georgia will probably be 3rd or 2nd in growth when I’m finished
We’ve all went through struggles and trauma and I know how it feels like
Like DTM I kind have just quit working with the Idle vote although I do hope Utonish does something about the dislike problem.
It seems so sad to think about, but my last days on the server is numbered. I eventually am going to depart completely soon.
Ok situation is back to normal but we will need to push them back just a bit more and all it takes is patience.
I won’t have to hear a single soul cry about how ungrateful I am
Believe me bro, if I did that, you would need a magnifying glass to look at it
PAP: Sure thing we definitely won’t cause chaos around the world
# 20,000,000,000 POINTS FOR 🇵🇭 *Philippines* in CVC\nI cannot explain the amount of emotions that come out from this. After so much time and dedication(even if some of it wasn’t true work) I cannot even of imagined in years seeing this milestone. I have struggled through so much agony, anxiety, depression, and despair about being great at something, but here are we, December 8th 2025 with a something that truly means the world to me. Thank you all for being on my side despite being a fool for so long.
Then create accounts that your brother can use so you don’t get banned
At first my dad thought it smelt like freaking gasoline
This is old but for today’s recap I got 2.9565445584% for Chile
Singapore somehow magically gained 100M points?????
Ah doesn’t it feel great to be neutral for once @Caucasian
Weekly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/tz87639Du1U?si=KSCQjrkvBDkmUuGD
You can time me out all you want too. But that won’t change who you have become
Singapore is expected to fall to Nigeria within the next 2-4 days
At Japans Peak in March/April 2023 Japan had 1.3-1.4T points
I’m not opposed to your rule over the combo or any of that. In fact you deserve it
After approximately 200+ Days in Top 2, they finally get dethroned by the Philippines
You would have to wait like 2 years to pass someone
So it was basically Fascists versus Communists, which are the most radical ideologies you can think of
It’s kinda funny how even Brunei used to be ahead of Singapore at one point
@Caucasian Mapper You like that I’m beating you right now?
Nope because, I’m working my report and that report was about your “Hoe” harvesting Carrots
1. TW IS A LOSER\n2. TW IS A LOSER\n3. TW IS A LOSER\n4. TW IS A LOSER
Or are they? Vietnam is receiving a bit of dislikes
@Nova 2016 2018 You can punish me, but this motherfucker doesn’t belong here. He’s a traitor and fraud to the Utonish community.
Israel as always number 1! https://youtube.com/shorts/psr-ySdHQNI?si=oiTV6B9EJZjLmaYr
Where will create an sample and we can test whether or not our idea worked
INTRODUCING the IdleChatVote Vote Growth History Since 2024 Visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24525983/
Where the head of every alliance of the world will be standing there looking at you
Réunion has avenged Saint Barthélemy and has passed France!
The exact moment Singapore changed the course of Idle Chat Vote history forever
At the end of day 1 on the ChatVoteCombo there was 13 countries above 1K
Because at least im not the only one now thats on the idle vote
So once I fully set up my Google Workspace, ima try and see if I can transfer over my YouTube channel to my Workspace account and experiment with it
Did I share this? https://youtube.com/shorts/dXWpmeZZvro?si=jqPBVK_dSN13ooYz
And if somehow people find out how to bypass that, then link it to Google account
Yeah name yourself so we can not assume you are apart of **The Unknowns**
Don't expect there to be like 5-10 more countries with more votes
Although honestly its up to you since its your pets
That’s so funny we were discussing about this earlier
Yeah their crazy if they are actually legitimately doing something like this 24/7
VIETNAM 100,000 VOTES https://youtube.com/shorts/kvSfk4IU4fU?si=qmWhHrbHCMRGdgAX
I mean you should, it’s impossible to pass countries on the IdleChatVote now
However I have no desire to challenge Türkiye, I am in support of their dominance over the Combo
Don’t worry about that because I have Utonish by my side
Fricking Indonesia jump scared me and now I’m 6 likes behind Germany
I forgot to mention that this week has probably been the best week on any Utonish recap so far since there have been more new votes than any other weekly recap
We as Asians all technically could have Genghis Khan’s blood
For you it is but I don’t have the patience to wait 2 years
If you want to grow up like PoTenTiaL you gotta face it
All of my older accounts remain but all the newly created ones always gets banned
Lmao he would probably do the same to us since we annoyed him too much. Nova probably would prevent him though
Serbia is the highest in the Balkans(121B, 40k votes)
And then the Red Wave begins to rise on the idle vote, so you have to become the new AIFA and prevent that
Now I better not see anymore references to Benyi or else…
Whoops accidentally hacked the chat vote.\n\nJk this is actually the chat vote if it was actually based off votes not points.
And with the rise of the Americans Nigeria is now under threat of being passed
Singapore is the 7th Country on the chat vote 1T Points!
Cambodia is still growing in votes although like you said they might stop
India is Cocomelon although it’s unrealistic that they are growing faster than T-Series
Honestly it probably vvill happen if he doesn’t stop FUCKING BANNING ALL OF MY NEVV ACCOUNTS
My Objectives:\n1. Philippines Top 1 in Votes on CVC\n2. Vote Vietnam on the new live stream in 2026\n3. Philippines ahead of Nigeria on CV
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=-aytZ0n_KNQ&si=7vP-KmeinjREtJ0B This is the shit right here
But yeah you can just make that up but good luck trying that
I don’t have the time to make 10-15 shorts a day covering your effort, I need to make sure that everyone gets their fair share of coverage too, like the Top 20
HE CAN DENY IT ALL HE WANTS BUT WHATS FOR CERTAIN HERE IS HE DID
I’m officially excluding you from any reports I make in the future, which is like none but still.
My prediction is that Bilip will continue to vote so maybe he will have a chance unless he wants to continue voting Türkiye on the Combo
An interesting concept but I made a presentation that combines the points from both the chat vote and the idle chat vote, take a look: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/18029510/
Singapore has now achieved 2nd most amount of votes in a day gaining 7k+ votes in a single day however Ukraine still holds the title for gaining the most amount of votes in a day.
I have noticed less and less activity in the past couple of days
I predict by tomorrow Vietnam will have around 1K dislikes
And if I did I would probably immediately get banned by Utonish
This is officially the best week for the chat vote since 2024-02-18 - 2024-02-24
No it’s by top gained points and top percentage gain
Don’t forget that I am definitely not sleep deprived😄
Aka most likely Europe because they recently collapsed into 3 different alliances
RO: We changed our timeline so much that it changed the outcome of the future
After that, your country will be added to the ACS anti-red initiative.
For all my life after 2020, I always wanted something to happen but never got it to work. I always dreamed of making something but I always felt confused about it because I didn’t understand the meaning of it. In the end, the thing I wanted to change, changed. Just not in the way I wanted it to go, but after all it’s life. It’s the very thing you wanted but you went against it because you feel like didn’t deserve it. It’s a back and forth between wanting the thing you want and actually getting it. Even if you don’t get it, at least you have an outcome, and it always pushes you forward to do more.
@Karotten You don’t have to help Vietnam, I suggest you continue to support Germany because they are also actively attacking Germany
And then how about you send the best moments from those channels in #😂◄𝖬𝗈𝗆𝖾𝗇𝗍𝗌►😂 and then delete the others
And will add Djibouti and Niger as our secondary targets
I just need to be careful on how I name my accounts next time
And to be sure this server is successfully we need to be more strict on moderation
But on my Laptop, Utonish doesn’t ban it. Like why?
Fastest growing Asian country on my list this month
Although as you know, Boston and PAP are bypassing it by creating sub accounts
NIFA will have a standby convoy on the language section to prevent another outbreak on the language section
My goodness Africa has been growing big time on the chat vote! Great work African voters on the chat vote!
NEW PREMIERE COMING! https://youtu.be/VEaquJB79sU?si=QsD9pPghfFCyOv55
I like Singapore as a country that I used to vote all the time back on the chat vote but it had to be ruined by someone.
SO A BUNCH OF LONG FORM VIDEOS ARE DROPPING SOON! STAY TUNED!
https://youtube.com/shorts/9gFIoeSl81g?si=wXDtfyTMGQ3-SMzX
https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/21857717/
PAP was soon to rise since they found out hours after you joined
Because the other 2 that reached 1M growth got nerfed
They will never get 250 lmao so don’t worry I’ll never hate Romania
I repeat the Indonesian counteroffensive is not ending anytime soon
If for some reason Israel continues this astonishing growth in the upcoming weeks and months, they could pass Singapore and Indonesia in points along with dethroning Nigeria with the most amount of votes(likes-dislikes)
Probably if your planning to manipulate all 80 items on screen
Don't worry idle chat vote ill be coming for you next with a history vid
@iu mãi VN-A615 Your timeout is up, don’t post anymore porn here. Hiểu rồi?
Damn yall be hating on esXX for absolutely no reason bro, hes one of my best friends:(
https://tenor.com/view/social-credit-credit-social-%D1%83%D0%B2%D0%B0%D0%B6%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%B5-%D0%BF%D0%BB%D1%8E%D1%81-%D1%83%D0%B2%D0%B0%D0%B6%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%B8%D0%B5-gif-1626328442317885176
Don’t worry I’m gonna be here until my spot in #1 or 2 is secure
Unfortunately this is the last update for now, if you want to view this live, then check it out on the official site!
`1234567890-=qwertyuiop[]\asdfghjkl;'zxcvbnm,./~!@#$%^&*()_+QWERTYUIOP{}|ASDFGHJKL:"ZXCVBNM<>?`¡™£¢∞§¶•ªº–≠œ∑´®†¥¨ˆøπ“‘«åß∂ƒ©˙∆˚¬…æΩ≈ç√∫˜µ≤≥÷`⁄€‹›ﬁﬂ‡°·‚—±Œ„´‰ˇÁ¨ˆØ∏”’»ÅÍÎÏ˝ÓÔÒÚÆ¸˛Ç◊ı˜Â¯˘¿
I expect to see Vietnam and Russia above 100k votes by tomorrow, maybe Sunday
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 You should make a recap like this
I still wonder how does Bilip have the time to do all of this
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTE RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/GTxP9qMI1V8?si=-24Jfvq30mS8jAv5
Nigeria has passed 600k likes! And Botswana passes 940k likes!
Sure but I want you to patch the transfer account exploit
Btw 105 is the max you can get in a week so this is combining the past 2 weeks
https://discord.com/channels/1345336341839347736/1384409772643717160
The NIFA Government Elites activates their search protocol to find the missing leaders.
Despite this AE and NIFA maintains good relations for now
But until then, I shall just endure the agonizing pain
Yeah I mean who cares at this point because as Bilip said, Utonish is a bitch. He made it that way, so be it.
Of course. But don’t let the people make you who you are, especially over a stupid game like this.
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Feel free to share them all out to other servers!
Alright North Macedonia now has a stable growth rate of 500 points per second but that could change so we gotta keep an eye on the nations we reclaim today
And as for me, the only reason I started to bot was because I wanted to challenge Bayu
Name one Roubaix and one AE and recreate the whole Alternate utonish universe
Although I would assume no since Bhutan would have like 2000 exact if you were to but no its not perfect and they have 1939 dislikes, so it must be some random dude not associated with the Red Wave
Many people wanted a Religion Live Stream but Utonish said “Not in demand”
Dyson spheres are established on different stars in hopes to capturing you inside
Huh that’s weird, even with the dislikes, Vietnam is stilling growing faster than AU for some reason
I guess I just have to be like you next time and be better at checking my combos to make sure they don’t get reset
Im not responsible for what the past governments have done. But all I can say is that we messed up badly.
But despite the efforts France eventually passed BL
And even if I stop voting the Philippines I will still make them
So here’s what I would consider the 3 most powerful nations in the World:\n1. Tibet Convention ~ 9.22QN Votes\n2. New Granada ~ 1.83QN Votes\n3. Oceanic Federation ~ 1.38QN Votes
Once again I’m sorry for creating this mess on the live streams all out of supporting one guy, and then an attempt to remake my image by botting another country.
Algeria officially becomes the second fastest growing country behind Singapore after passing Türkiye earlier today
Maybe Nigeria and the DRC might receive more votes this week too and they could potentially beat Indonesia too
Because if we somehow still beat him even with 1 account. That’s just sad
“If the whole community was against me, I wouldn’t care”
Also @Caucasian @Karotten @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 you guys will be responsible for electing an Owner in two weeks so, make sure to start the process of doing that soon or Nova will continue his reign as Owner!
But bruh imagine gaining 100k votes per week💀 That’s almost double Singapores highest record
Like I said Türkiye would probably go much further than it is now
Yup since for example Southern Africa has a history of opposing AIFA which is now OFN Africana
Algeria has basically became the Falkland Islands in this one and will be the one rivaling Indonesia
The reason AIFA brought the whole section green in the first place was to destroy the red wave
If you vote multiple countries then it wouldn’t be too bad
AE: In fact it’s the same number as the previous timelines 2027
PoTenTiaL: And whenever there was dislikes being added, he would immediately counter those dislikes
Well actually one person because I’m automatically nominating @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
With the exception of the United States on the combo
Make sure to do it legitimately to not get Utonish mad
Because once you transfer your banned account to a new account, YouTube thinks its the same account and when you vote on Utonish, the votes go through because at the same time its that new account but with the banned channel's data
Well as I said, if I make points and votes separate, the Points list will be the same thing every week and nobody wants to see that
Ok fine since you are so disappointed with me, what do you want me to do?
I believe in one of PAP’s comments, he said in he would vote China to pass Singapore. But I could be wrong since he also said he would stop at 200k and bring Singapore to 400k
And if you voted the wrong country, it would reset your combo
Brazil is officially the 8th country on the chat vote to pass 1T points!
@Caucasian Mapper You know how much I hate PoTenTiaL sometimes
6/20 - Russia and North Korea finally turn green ending the Red Wave
Utonish: Thats real and were going make a new longer one soon
Its ok because I just need to make an exact copy of the excel and it should the same exact way
Dude I’m literally so fucking tired I have become a damn comedian.
It wasn't so documented but it started at the end of 2022 but ended in like early 2023
I changed it, but I have a poll running in #👎◄𝖯𝗈𝗅𝗅𝗌►👍 in case anyone disagrees with it. I’m also planning on changing it if anyone has ideas.
*Canada for example had slowly built up their votes to a never ending up*
Just think of Norfolk Islands as Nigeria on the ChatVote Combo
@bilip blop Do you have any idea on how I can make it happen less often?
Again Daniel? You almost made me crash out twice in a row…
After all I saw Taiwan as a great example on the combo
Whatever happened to preventing people from talking about TW or Benyi?
@DTM yeah I am the Nigeria guy. Also I'm not involved with Disliking Botswana. Idk who is Disliking them though along with Israel and Japan. Also I have a sphere of influence over Niger, Guinea and Benin.
Here’s a little overview of where these 8k votes went to\n\n1. 🇵🇭Philippines on Combo - 4.7k\n2. 🇸🇬Singapore on IdleChatVote - 3.2k\n3. 🇻🇳🇨🇭🇰🇿 - 100 votes each on the combo
Bayu was behind ID bot attacks I believe however I could be wrong since there’s a dude named Linda that also votes Indonesia and Palestine
Despite fast growth however NIFA still dominates most global markets
https://tenor.com/view/nodding-happy-yes-yeah-agree-gif-9470192629442860968
So when you transfer accounts, YouTube usually deletes the channel on the brand account that your transferring the other channel to. But sometimes YouTube could glitch out and not delete the channel on the brand account which then merges with the channel your transferring to that Brand account which bugs out YouTube and doesn't allow you to transfer anymore
Also Singapore is already gaining a lot of votes despite not being June yet
But I will come back when I finish Nigeria completely
Also Georgia is really strong on the ComboVote as of late, on par with China and Serbia
It seems horrible to do but that’s how AIFA will continue enforcing democracy on the idle vote
The Falkland Islands are now like 58k votes away from Algeria
Tbh the Combo has been dying lately because of Utonish’s actions. I probably be making a report every two days so I will do one tomorrow.
Me and Denis have plans for our own operations coming soon
I can’t believe it started as a normal conversation about the future
@7Star I’m sorry for how I treated you yesterday. Maybe it’s just my fault.
Ok I will let you rate how I will make it and if you don't like it, I will revert back to the original system.
Btw this is the administration’s favorability rating
Damn also @iu mãi VN-A615 passed @Caucasian Mapper he’s gonna be really mad lol
No like he creates a spreadsheet with all the countries stats
After 2 whole years of endless Singaporean quests of domination, we can all finally rest in peace and live on to see a more beautiful, thriving world of endless adventures and possibilities. Welcome to a new era of the Utonish universe.
I think 2025 despite all the botting is definitely better
NIFA Elections are now being held! \nVote for Round 1 > https://discord.com/channels/1040362761617670146/1040660249742409778/1297731246587379815\nVote for Round 2 > https://discord.com/channels/1040362761617670146/1040660249742409778/1297732332278779934\nVote for Round 3 > https://discord.com/channels/1040362761617670146/1040660249742409778/1297732594301141045\nVote for Round 4 > https://discord.com/channels/1040362761617670146/1040660249742409778/1297732871988969543
So even though both ways of voting are different in their own ways, they both require tons of effort to do
So I’m gonna experiment with Google Workspace tomorrow and see if I can find another breakthrough for the combo
He would have all the weapons possible to disable the robots
Almost the whole lore of the Utonish Universe is literally just fighting back against Utonish’s anti-cheat measures
Ah hah I know how you got it, let me see if I can get it
Guinea was spared due to having already having a similar dislike count to others around them.
Starting next week begins RECAP STREAKS! What are recap streaks? Well recap streaks are a limited time event from June all the way to August that depending on the amount of times a country is in one of our recaps then their point gains will grow +1 on top of their weekly awarded points, for example if a country is in the recap for 5 weeks in a row they will gain +5 points on top of their weekly awarded points. The maximum amount of awarded points is +5 for all countries and any country, any country that doesn't show up in the weekly recap will be stripped of their streak. This also applies to monthly recaps and for each month between June and August, you can gain +5 points up to +15 per month on the monthly recaps.
Hmmm who will hit their milestone first? France 1M or Vietnam 3M
Actually actually this the second time I’ve had to make this dude do his favorite countries recap
This is crazy... So many countries gained dislikes today...
iShowSpeed would be barking at you if you said that
But then I always come back to that question, “is it just a dream?” and here we are again talking about this.
I’m not mad at the fact that PAP botted because duh everyone literally bots nowadays
Spoiler: NIFA won because of a secret device thingy
I think they might have two combos on it that’s why
But at least now we at least now realize how bad it was and how thankful we could possibly be to be where we are now.
I will occasionally support other countries though but my goal is to get Vietnam #1 on the chat vote without botting
Oh yeah @Karotten would be the lead developer and Secretary of GCAT
Anyhow just add a user based system and ban VPN usage and limit people to creating one user
RO: How is the moon brighter even with my sunglasses on
Since there is technically a tie between who has the highest streak, the streaks will technically continue for those countries until one is left.
So it comes at the cost of losing watch history, or playlists or whatever but you will get your combo back 100%
Well it’s not a big deal Caucasian. Just don’t do that again, move on, and change
@Utonish Utonish during the Olympics be like: \n\n(Use this as your Profile Pic for the whole duration of the olympics)
Or else I’m done with you and so will everyone here
So all nations which have botted or are currently botting will not be included
Idle Chat because the cooldown is longer thus more voting time
And if I catch, even one account gone, im just done with the combo
Well the correct answers are Togo and Cameroon! They will be admitted into NIFA at 6:00 PM ET
https://tenor.com/view/yes-yeah-nice-ok-awesome-gif-16371002088167821938
This is officially the oldest screenshot of the icv
Doesn’t matter I just cannot seem to hold up my own weight of running an operation.
And despite the ongoing debate if Israel might decline Israel is still projected to pass 21T by next month if they continue to get support from N.A.F.A
Because even with Captchas, AI would easily outsmart them
I used Opera and Firefox but the same thing later happened
Maybe next week but maybe they might vote Switzerland again
@Caucasian Once the Ultimate Shadowban is done, im gonna vote India ahead of Georgia next:)
Ok fine here’s the deal, you exclude 200k of those votes, and 10B points.
Meanwhile me who grinded 1k on the Counter for nothing:
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I all of a sudden feel terrible again from something. Am I doing something wrong? The loop is striking me again.
And you know the drill someone might just come and take over Singapore thus repeating the cycle of Bayuification
For now AIFA will focus on countering Israel and Japan
They tried to move everything to their site but now it’s been destroyed
Which again is certified by the AIFA Protection Agency all the way in Lagos and thus will protect them from getting banned
So if I do have time I will expand it to the Top 100
I didn’t like Bayu but these guys absolutely hate Bayu with a passion
God damn you liked that within like 1 second of me posting that😱
Chile 800B Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/Rhka64Gk9uI?si=aadGgCWKLemO--yv
But 100% that would of been PAP if they somehow voted on all the live streams
Again that’s not the problem, it’s people going beyond 800
Hmmm, the same typo’s as Sprite, you even say “wdym” like him. And the fact that you were created October 2nd right after Sprite was gonna leave. Well ima just call you Sprite Statistics #2 until you prove me wrong
You cannot beat Türkiye so why even be there on a daily basis
Doesn’t matter, you should probably focus on your own country
### Customization and Flexibility: Android Wins\n\nOne of the most significant advantages of Android is its high level of customization. Android phones, especially those from brands like Samsung, Google, and OnePlus, allow users to modify nearly every aspect of their device—from the home screen layout and widgets to the default apps and even the operating system itself through custom ROMs. This open-source nature appeals to tech-savvy users who want complete control over their smartphone experience.\n\nIn contrast, Apple’s iPhone operates in a tightly controlled ecosystem. While iOS has added some customization options over the years (like widgets and home screen changes), it remains far more restricted than Android. Apple prioritizes consistency and user-friendliness over customization, which can be both a strength and a weakness depending on the user.
Someone did and they managed to get Indonesia an extra 1B points
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTECOMBO RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/IS5k-2Rtm4Y?si=4I-Q2FTsNQUT4nq9
Although it probably be on the island nation of Kiribati
But when we look at the ComboVote today, who would have thought that today it shines bright prosperity. Vietnam now at 5.6B points and the Top 20 biggest items flourishing too. Me with the biggest combo by far, and with great potential from others too. I am grateful to every single one of you for making things right from that point to now. I love yall a lot and if it wasn’t for the community I wouldn’t be here now.
What? What about all of the good things I did? I basically was the reason this server blew up post-benyi era
RO: The aliens are on Earth somewhere in the Atlantic
RO: Wow the good old times we got Singapore to the Top 20!
This is peak nostalgia guys https://youtu.be/EAc6LM3ACiY?si=1CkYFE_WQhcNmhK9
Because I know Bilip is gonna keep going until the next stream so I’m not gonna even bother him
I mean the reason I don't hate Russia anymore is because of the experience ive had with the people. Versus Israel, I know there are good people out there, but based on this experience we have had with them so far, it doesn't really help with anything tbh. So although it wouldn't be a good assumption to hate Israel for that, I think it doesn't really help with situation Israel is in right now, and that would only change if I have a better experience with the people.
@Nova 2016 2018 Can you rename the server to something else other than Utonish that will represent us as a community? I don’t care if you make a poll or anything related to that matter, but we need to change the server name to distinguish ourselves from Utonish.
I didn’t take a screenshot of it because I didn’t think much about but here we are
And if they try to strike, my other server will be spamming Nigeria with likes and they will have nothing to do
Singapore is expected to pass Indonesia by the second week of May and is the gap is around 400B points
And that was totally legitimate voting without botting
Idk why the red wave enjoys disliking Israel and Japan so much
Just fucked up how I have to do the same thing just to get rid of our enemy
Because why nerf me and Germany if pretty much everyone else also used VPN at least once too
They will become the first non Idle Vote item to reach 10T in the Utonish universe
Also School is definitely my priority right now and not some stupid number game anyway
Or some exploit where you can transfer Combos to another IP’s and gain votes from it
Like you of course with the Falkland Islands that’s one of them
Im actually proud that you managed to pull that off lol
I may of overestimated Georgia and Bosnia but if you guys were to try a bit more, you guys could get there
Theres this thing you know and you just put in the url to save it
Utonish really doesn’t like it when I do 10 accounts
Due to their heavy association with the Falkland Islands, another AIFA member, they have been moved ahead of the line and now have become AIFA's 16th member
Alright next we gotta tackle Montenegro and Nicaragua
# NEW FAVORITE COUNTRIES ALPHA LAYOUT OUT NOW\n#deleted-channel \nPlease make sure not to react or chat in there
The first time might of not been legitimate but the second time we have done for real!
Ultimately it all came down to the Combo when Vietnam lost the war to Türkiye and Türkiye would become the number one nation on the combo for good.
And if you do, then that’s another trip to Bayu and PAP torture
They are currently at the end of the list. If you vote Georgia more to get it in AIFA
But I gave up because of the ChatVote and also Utonish was banning my combos
So Roubaix made an alliance with Portugal and North Macedonia as they all shared similar points
@Karotten Told you! Indonesia was gonna pull up with another 60 votes
Thanks a lot Mapinki! Words cannot describe this moment but I’ve become the 5th person to reach this goal. It may not be the best thing yet but it has given me a boost of motivation to keep going
Ok well the only thing that jeopardizes this theory is that, the both accounts were created 1 year apart from each other so I can not see that a 100% link but could still be possible
Idk why but for some reason I sense I huge wave of new nations coming and rivaling Indonesia once Singapore has passed them. It reminds me of the idle vote for some reason
It’s just I forgot what my intentions were and I lost track of what I originally wanted
But on my LapTop which is not my main Desktop still works perfectly fine and I can switch between IP’s just fine
It took a couple of setbacks on my part but the demon has finally been slayed once and for all
It’s here! https://music.youtube.com/playlist?list=OLAK5uy_l-klDgQoRg8oSIDCOt29WMjEbsXbL3BJE&si=DE5MVq3pRrzs45WR
WITHIN 22 HOURS BILIP WILL LOSE HIS COMBOS IF WE DONT GET THEM UNBANNED IN TIME
I’m awaiting for what Karotten has to say with this
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 In your reports, you can stop saying "SG Excluded" because Im tracking SG based on how much Points and Votes they had prior to May + Points or Votes gained after May which in total is 1,749,356 Points and 5,121 Votes
That’s weird. I realized Botswana is at 1M dislikes.
I don’t think that will work since like I said he doesn’t respond to us period
But thats crazy Russia is gaining more growth then Georgia
Bruh we somehow still lost it even when we had 2 saves...
There is no Protestant or Orthodox Church so yeah people just refer the Holy See as the Christian church
@OFN Aficana @OFN Americana @OFN Asiana @OFN Europa @OFN Oceania \n# OFN Alert\nThe annual Summer Break of the OFN will be ending in a week! Starting August 1st all OFN operations will resume and we will discuss big topics soon.
Still fine with me since Points are more important than Votes
Oh well Russia should be 2nd so it should be like this:
Idk it must of been a glitch. I set the cooldown to 5 seconds as I always have. So that’s strange lol
It’s quite surprising because I haven’t told you my weakness
Also France just took a massive hit, they are at 64 dislikes
Finally the OHH THIS THING HAPPENED BEFORE GTA6 will be over
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I officially announce I will be taking over doing the daily powers list for both Points and Votes! Stay tuned tomorrow for the first one done by me
All because they want to consolidate their power and resist the West
Singapore might have potentially broken the weekly record of the amount of votes in one week!\n1. Singapore: 27K???\n2. US: 26.827K\n3. India: 26.734K
If I had to guess, they would be declining a little bit more than North Korea
You have to insert it in a slot machine that is at least 10^473 Lightyears away to win
I can’t participate too much when I’m busy with things
Also I deleted that account so someone must of took that handle
Well green makes positive and red makes negative but whatever it’s just a color lol
If he doesn’t get his combos back which I 100% guarantee he won’t, we will officially ditch Utonish for good
This bro be voting like 10k votes per day at this point if he be aiming for 50B points for all of them☠️
But I know 100% for sure its gonna be another country one since the quadrilogy is not complete without a fourth active one
Guys just fricking agree on a spot because the bigger threat is the red wave
And then we agreed upon changing the Top 1 every quarter of the year
Do that like 50 more times and edit them into the countries you want
Despite me not voting them, the whole alliance is still growing quite quickly
Because despite being fully green, they still are going to dislike no matter what
Ok I think you have gone crazy Caucasian. There’s no way you’re gonna bring Bilip in to this either because what does he have to do with you? He’s got the time to vote, I don’t. As for you, you want to have all the time to vote, but you don’t. Just admit to me you don’t have the time to vote. Everyone doesn’t because well as I said before, we have bigger priorities at hand. If you really think life relies upon your votes with the CEC you are beyond your own mental capacity at this point. Now if we had supernatural powers I would see this happening, but what you are saying about this is not even possible for people like me. \n\nSo just go ahead and keep making my reputation worse because it’s only gonna make yours even worse. Release all the insults at me. I’m ready for them.
Lmao I was definitely built up from the bottom that way
Aka AIFA will find your location and hold you hostage
RO: Meanwhile Nigeria and Niger are the lowest rank in the world and are Red
I ain’t complaining about anything but the fact that I take a break for an hour and then come back to see that I have push another 4k is insane.
Although the only problem is my combo isn't going up
Yep and you gotta prevent that while maintaining Top 1, 2 and 3
Not on their own members unless their getting attacked
Only Japan and Israel are gaining the most dislikes.
I don't understand why some Asian people are like that
It feels like were living in the future, its been a month since Singapore passed Indonesia
My mom was luckily but at the same time unfortunate
I know this is extremely cursed to say but I view Russia favorably now.
So yeah in short people are using this to bypass the chatting restrictions
I wanna see how far the can go. Let’s see if they can bring Vietnam back to 20M points as they were a week ago
That’s because I once chatted on the live stream when they were there, but that doesn’t explain why he knows my exact name…
After all the AIFA victories against them, they finally want to end it for good
Im disappointed in you Daniel, you know I already made a visualization about that and you had to make your own. You could of asked me at least for the data to make it. Next time if you want to make it easier, ask me for it since I have the data sheet for it. @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
So you said you added 800 dislikes to Iraq? So AIFA will make sure not to counter that as well
@Utonish We know you see this, so you better be ready to accept to reset the chat vote or @Karotten will do it for you
Hopefully under Niger rule, AIFA will change for the better
I’ll explain later but maybe Karotten has a better explanation than me
@Caucasian Mapper Join the GCAT server and will discuss more about it
So at that point its a whole section within a section
Also @iu mãi VN-A615 I will update the provinces of Vietnam to the new ones
I ACTUALLY DID IT! I BEAT SINGAPORE’S WEEKLY CHAT VOTE RECORD!🔥🔥🔥🔥
So just record yourself copying, increasing and then voting
Sorry for the inconvenience yesterday. All NIFA systems have been re-activated! Also I would like to introduce our two last new members of the year!
I have bad news for you @Caucasian Mapper If PAP doesn’t stop you might need to step up your operations on the combo because Singapore doesn’t look to be stopping anytime soon
3/13 - Southern Africa becomes an observer state to ADP
So now that that has happened, we all get finally rest in peace.
However I didn’t experience any delay at the time and I even compared it to my voting, and you somehow were doubling mine and I’m like how tf did you do that.
This is just gonna take a lot of time to recover from
That runs 24/7 battling Singapore for #1 and is actually working
You know what, with this change. I will be “sort of” coming back soon. But I will try my best to follow the rule. However if Utonish dares to ban my only channel left, I will not come back ever again until the new live stream drops.
And Nigeria vs Singapore will happen in 161 more days approximately depending on that 3k per day goal as always
@Karotten According to this screenshot of the FAME audit log, did you also ban him from here at the same time or at different times? Well if it was before the 20th then that confirms the theory that he shouldn’t have seen my message but somehow did.
I usually only do my NIFA operations in the Morning
And well since that’s the rule we have to follow it
This could be the first best even number year for you lol
I used to use Arial Unicode MS, but the uppercase I's don't match with Utonish's
LETS WELCOME A NEW MEMBER INTO THE NEW ORDER FOR REAL THIS TIME\n🇩🇪
But whatever if you want to support Türkiye go ahead
@Videomaker 🇧🇦 is sweating seeing Niger get closer and closer
Sorry @Caucasian Mapper but Germany might pass Georgia despite being apart of the same alliance as Georgia
And I guess whoever decides to vote anyone with 1K likes on the IdleVote I could see happening
@Caucasian This is the new vote count of Georgia including subdivision votes
This is based off of last weeks data and I will update it when Utonish releases his summaries https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/22133466/
And I’m not here to make decisions for you since your a person yourself
Singapore has only gained 2k votes today. Slowly but surely they are going downwards!
This is why I have to grow my combo as high as possible to prevent the red wave from destroying Vietnam
Malaysia would probably not pass Nigeria, unless Abdul had more valuable combos then they would have a chance
YouTube: We have a new algorithm that monitors the view and sub count of every video and channel on YouTube and if we catch anything sus about it then we will revert it back to the original view or sub count.
This was all Chispa’s idea so I’m only adding to it!
Now I have not achieved that before but I got close
Ladies and Gentlemen, this is our Total Utonish Universe Points Leaderboard
RO: Every minute Nigeria gains 1 like! Yesss it works!
@Utonish On the Channel Views live stream, please change “Alan Chikin Chow” to “Alan’s Universe” since he recently changed his name to that. Also make sure to update sub count livestream!
We want a chat vote that not meant for cheating, right?
So if anything happens please don’t ping me about it, we will discuss this Saturday
No matter what happens, the future looks bright from here
But as said it could change since we can’t accurately predict the future
If combining than all NIFA members would be still black
Which I had the fight with my very last few breaths there
Also lately my videos have been pretty laggy and idk why, and it’s probably because of the recent CapCut update
DR Congo has the best Likes/Dislike ratio on the country section surprisingly
Idc about Bayu coming back or Philippines falling to 4th, I just care that I’m at least still alive from this illness I catched from somebody on Friday.
NIGERIA IS NOW THE SECOND HIGHEST ON THE #Country-Vote BEHIND HONDURAS
I decided not to add regions points coverage until next week
Ok let me try to get rid of the cooldown then and see what happens
Marshall Islands vs Vietnam is like Nigeria vs Marshall Islands in 2023
Well I tried messaging him, but I know what your gonna say "100% chance Hes not gonna respond"
Singapore also has the highest Monthly record with 150k
New and improved history of the chat vote is coming out soon!
I went through the same process. I might of went an entire different path then you but in the end it’s the same outcome. Eventually it has to end no matter what. The past is always the past. The present is the present. The future is the future. And in the end what matters is that we ventured together. We experienced the same things, and in the end that’s all that matters. With that being said we shall continue to move forward.
Good thing I ended my combos when I did, cuz now it’s impossible to lose it
And Nigeria had around 11B points which is far cry from what they have now lmao
Btw if you’re wondering aff4 is me, even though it is off by 1k votes. Bosmium is 1acc.
But now that I have changed, I don't really care too much about him
PoTenTiaL: I would also *coughs* like to shoutout my best of friends, @Halau for supporting me along the long journey.
Japan has passed Saint Kitts and Nevis thus making them 214
By August 19th, NIFA will be cutting its external operations completely until next year in June. But NIFA will be continuing to operate Base TERRA and countering nations that gain dislikes. Unfortunately the NIFA summer is coming to end but we all had fun right? Have a great fall and winter up ahead.
I have passed Vietnam on the ChatVoteCombo in terms of total points on the ComboVote!
Redemption is all I need and I will never need to worry about anything in the back of my mind lingering.
After years of conflict between Botswana and Nigeria, Botswana is now the highest NIFA member in terms of points and 5th in terms of growth!
Yeah their combo is already at like 3-4K which is half of my combo and half of Bosmium’s combo
I don’t know if he was secretly still in the server at that time but he supposedly left the server after the 12th since he didn’t send any messages whatsoever after he rejoined on the 12th
Even I myself is still trying to figure that part out and it constantly backfires
And then I can be the PR(Public Relations) of GCAT along with being a designer for the project.
Ok good but what you did to Denis cannot be forgotten
He can say all he wants but it’s not gonna happen unless he puts the work in
They got so fed up with Bayu and Turkey that they decided to become a literal botting machine
AIFA Operations will start back up slowly tomorrow!
Nope he’s snoring like he had his loud ass silver flute out
Every country I touch results in controversy at this point
@Caucasian Mapper \nMay 17th 2030 at 4:36 PM UTC, a huge movement within the OFN Europa Branch unfolds as many Northern, Central, and Eastern European countries breakaway from the Branch under the name of the “CIN” or the Commonwealth of Independent Nations. A huge civil war has erupted in the OFN Europa, and who knows what will happen to the OFN as a whole.
Alright gotta go, feel free to drop as many no gifs as possible why I’m gone
Now I’m not saying the Resurrection Era was a good thing. I’m just saying that it gave the community a reason to exist. It gave people a reason to continue staying. It opened up the opportunity for people to add in their part, and take part in a good part of history. And now in the community era which I like to call the “Modern Era” heavily resembles our current era a lot. In fact Utonish history heavily resembles our own human history with exponential growth and changes throughout long periods of time to which we have now reached the same point. An era of greatness, prosperity and uncertainty, but at least I can finally say, this was truly an Adventure of a Lifetime. Although it may of not been perfect for our wellbeing, we have managed to create something no one else has, as other things die off the very second they are born, but this continued to grow to something that we all genuinely enjoy and continue to. That’s the Human cycle, and that is genuinely amazing of what we have managed to create. Once again thank you guys for all taking part of this journey together, and without a doubt, this was a lifetime of Adventures.
Hey guys, starting today, I will be starting a streak that I can hopefully maintain for awhile! Stay tuned
We have to get the former Red Nations up to a consistant growth first
We’ve done it boys Bosnium has officially pushed Indonesia to 3rd place
@Caucasian Mapper It’s because of TW. Ever since we lost her, the combo has become unstable. I became a freak and botted the crap out of the Philippines. TW was one of the best humans I’ve ever met online, and I could never regret that. I ultimately caused her downfall from something that’s so stupid. Now with her gone, the combo lost its only charm.
@Utonish When are you going to update the channel views live stream because more YouTubers have entered the Top50 most viewed channels since you lasted updated it. For example Anaya Kandhai has around 43.8B views which is slightly less than LankyBox, and Alfredo Larin which has more views than HUM TV but around the same amount as Canal KondZilla.
PREMIERING NOW https://youtu.be/6zrsLGpP8Fs?si=dYMGgX241dXTlum6
https://tenor.com/view/ok-oh-yes-yes-o-yeah-yes-no-yes-go-on-yea-yes-gif-14382673246413447193
India is ahead of them on the idle vote but behind the UK in the chat vote
I’m proud to see that new nations are making it to the Attention list and could possibly reach the pretenders list soon! Besides Singapore, this is a good thing as more countries are getting recognition again!
But because the fact like @🔥Maypi The Tiki Taka Great🌏 said he didn’t for fill his promises and left the community empty handed, and manipulated the community into supporting him because “I’m not botting”
RO: I did say that it would create a portal sending the Aliens to “Atlantis”
Not if your not on the same internet connection as when you started voting
Because if you create a channel and replace the banned one, then you will lose your combo permanently
Now it may be far away but I hope to do the same thing Bilip is doing, by beating our original records and go more beyond
And now we wait until Utonish resets their dislike count
I like that approach, then it’s set in stone, will keep it as the Democratic Party
Nếu không, bạn sẽ phải đối mặt với hình phạt nặng hơn.
Stage -1 would be like voting on multiple live streams with pure legitimacy at the same time
I wish I had footage but it still sends shivers down my spine.
I took a slap in the face but now my offensive will be the best ever
And yes you will always make that whenever you see this
NIFA ALERT: Red Wave activity is rising in another NIFA member. Additionally from Niger and Benin, Guinea is now being attacked which makes since due to their low dislike count. Also Benin and Niger are constantly being attacked alongside neighboring countries. But as NIFA we will continue to serve our purpose in preventing any further attacks from rupturing the idle vote country section.
And I praise him for that, but in the long term he has mentally affected so many people like you
If theres a true villain in this universe, its YouTube
Once Nigeria passes Antarctica on the idle vote, AIFA will be in full swing again
Especially the fact that PAP just names them all the same
See guys it’s not bad until they actually unite their forces to take me down
@Caucasian Cmon bro snap out of it. Your fucking squabbling at me over a fucking game man. Cmon man you know better than that. You got problems in your own country that you need to fix, and you’re over here arguing with me over a FUCKING GAME. You need to learn to be able to fix your own country first before you worry about other problems.
Then you have\nTháng Giếng/một\nTháng hại\nTháng ba\nTháng bốn \nTháng năm\nTháng sáu\nTháng bảy\nTháng tâm \nTháng chín\nTháng mười \nTháng mười một\nTháng mười hại\nLet me know if there are any mistakes
Right, but even though they were bad countries, they never deserved to be disliked so much
Just show me on your phone at soon as it loads up and I swear you better not be using a browser in which you can edit the values
Yeah in the points sphere I won’t be able to pass them☠️
Your only hope is that the Chinese Defense Pact declares war on AIFA which will secure a free source of support without actually supporting you
But Utonish is only gonna make your life more miserable like how I was back then if you continue on your rampage
Your just yapping at the fact you can’t have your “change”
Also heard that Georgia declared war on Georgia, is that true?
# SINCE YOU GUYS HATE NIGERIA SO MUCH WHY DONT YOU GUYS FUCKING BAN IT ALREADY, LIKE I DONT EVEN CARE ANYMORE, YOU GUYS ARE JUST SOMETHING ELSE
@Caucasian Wait I forgot I need to vote India, I will vote Sweden right after
10/25 - Because Guinea is admitted the day Nigeria declared war, a whole war begins between the NAC and Nigeria
So here’s my plans for the Top 10\n1. Romania or Vietnam(You guys fight)\n3. Georgia\n4. Bosnia or Canada\n6. Israel\n7. Nigeria\n8. Niger\n9. Germany \n10. Sweden\n11. Norway\n12. DR Congo\n13. Guinea\n14. Spain\n15. Brazil\n16. Indonesia\n17. Denmark\n18. Finland\n19. Algeria\n20. Greece\n21. Singapore
You sure Daniel? I can literally do it right now and get it over with
The French are not gonna stop until someone stops them
But no one can achieve Germany's growth except for whoever was behind Germany's growth
The red wave targets Israel, and AIFA almost collapses
I need to figure out what causes this shadowban and see if I can break it so that way I don’t need to break Utonish’s rules all the time.
PAP at this point has become my alter ego on Utonish
Although taking account, 800 votes = 1 account = 4 hours. You would need 6 accounts to achieve 24/7
Maybe that’s what Utonish will make next year, and that graph will be exponential
Because whoever I catch using it I will actually dislike them
I mean so far the combo has been the best place to vote and with how things are going with the combo, Utonish will probably make it better than the combo
There’s probably some random community out there carrying out these operations
You’re absolutely right! But this guy sure has a good video style
Ok time for phase two, which is adding all subdivisions votes to the main country
Otherwise if he’s directing it at me then well I’m backing out of this one
Oh wait your right I forgot💀 Georgia is literally ahead of Chile and I somehow forgot…
I have no idea but they have somehow managed to push all the way to 22nd
I don’t recommend thinking too much about placements because eventually it’s gonna get more impossible
Exactly what he said but good luck Bosnium, I have a mission going on in the chat vote anyway so I’m already busy with something. Maybe when I’m done I’ll maybe come back to help you!
@Utonish, i ask seriously to ban youtube user Bayu is REAL OVERWEENING BOT voting SG! who vote ID in chatvote country forever because it is using bot, sub-account, judge speed entering chat and entering spam chat!
Believe me I have all the resources to take down Israel and eventually restart AIFA’s offensives elsewhere
So I have so far been able to recover two of my 10k combos I lost due to Utonish’s purges
Ok I noticed a few errors in the graph and I fix it! So now it will have the right amount!
You should do the same. Leave GCAT. And let Nova face punishment for his actions.
Since in real life, the Philippines and Indonesia are brother nations
Well who knows it could be Utonish doing it but the first thing that comes to mind is the Chinese lol
The only thing that matters is if the unknowns return again and dislike the shit out of us
Ok buddy well at least he did a good job in persuading you to do your recap
I guess for some reason YouTube doesn’t like when I go above 100
The Saint Barthélemy Offensive has begun! But the Algerians support them?
Hmm looks like YouTube has been taking action against alts since Utonish hasn’t been doing much of that lately
Well he was apart of the server at one point when I talked about it
Hopefully when this weekend comes, I can repair the damages that were caused from this and move on from this.
On @andorra voter (ad)'s Birthday I will get Andorra to 50k and Monaco to 20k likes
Romania vs Indonesia will happen on Approximately June 9th
@Bosmium Once I’m able to maintain my recap momentum, I will help you make weekly short reports for your live stream
Me him and another guy had an alliance on the chat vote
Ok no more blabbering about cheating since yall get it
Weekly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/aursNvM3TcI?si=mJctdpaygxY-1Hw7
RO: OMG FULLY GREEN IDLE VOTE COUNTRY SECTION BEFORE GTA6????
@Utonish I promise to stop at 1.5M likes. Please don’t nerf the US because I’ll support the other countries as well
And in case anyone is wondering I use Google Sheets or Microsoft Excel just like Utonish
RO: If we generate enough new codes we could theoretically create an infinite loop which we send the aliens to
Nigeria is officially less than 2T away from Singapore
JAPAN VS NIGERIA IN 2025 CONFIRMED!!1!1 https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/18580683/
… Of course when I’m at a low point something has to happen…
Utonish also have also banned my secondary combo which stood at 1.4K
And then whoever has the most dislikes I’ll just dislike for a ton amount of time until they reach 1M and let Utonish reset it
I feel as if, they have had enough. That was it for them.
The same value Nigeria used to be at before their prime era
But rather how long can I last in such conditions like this
Yup Vietnam although behind Canada now is at its greatest extent now
Bayu already knows about it and he’s pretty much blocked me so I can’t see his votes
Now I’m ready to see Vietnam start dropping bombs in points
I voted like 10k on my Laptop before but never it got banned
*Reunion and Algeria combined later passed Singapore in votes*
Хорошо, хорошая мысль. Может быть, PoTenTiaL действительно нуждается в отдыхе, по крайней мере. В последнее время он не получал много отдыха, особенно из-за выпускной недели в старшей школе Лоуэлла. Так что я думаю, это из-за всего стресса, который продолжает накапливаться в его голове, но я не уверен. Удачи ему, я думаю, потому что мне нужно пойти и позаботиться о нем, когда я закончу его проект.
You just wait, it will all connect with the storyline
Meanwhile most of time if a word ends in an n then it like ng in English
Monthly Idle Chat Vote Recap by Utonish! https://youtube.com/shorts/5CVkH0-V0cg?si=IFYVbMO662IcO6Mq
Yep I have granted you the @News Reporter🗞️ role so you can document any Bangladesh news here for now on
And of course my main objectives\n1. Passing Malaysia on Combo\n2. Bringing Singapore to 400K votes on the IdleChatVote
If you fully commit to using an autoclicker to then not do anything, that is botting
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I’m curious but when are you gonna release the report for this week?
YES YES PLEASE BAN THEM SO SINGAPORE CAN GET NUMBER 2! 🇬🇷❌🇬🇷❌🇬🇷❌🇬🇷❌🇬🇷❌🇬🇷❌
Falkland Islands passes Singapores previous rival Malaysia!
NOW GO VOTE SINGAPORE AND INDONESIA SINCE Y’ALL LIKE THEM SO MUCH! THANK YOU ALL FOR UNDERSTANDING
But tomorrow and the upcoming days we will target Serbia, Sri Lanka, Japan and China as they are the next lowest declining
Current Active Combos as of 5/26/25\nPH 1: 6,600\nPH 2: 799\nPH 3: 799\nPH 4: 799
# Three nations have reached 100M points today!\nIndia, Russia, and now China! The ComboVote is growing very quickly!
🔥 :fire2: :fire3: :fire4: :fire5: :fire6: :fire7: :fire8: :fire9:
Generation Alpha as we know is by far the most digitally active generations we have so far. Generation Beta might take that a step further or backwards, but god only knows how they will be like compared to their predecessors
That’s the problem with my Philippines operation is how am I gonna support 5k throughout the day without messing with my routines
https://www.instagram.com/reel/DPr1d5Yj2_-/?igsh=NTc4MTIwNjQ2YQ==
Since im gonna stop botting completely starting today
And of course China and Canada are getting close to passing 100k votes
So don’t expect me to do it literally all day though
Hmm so like you vote a country and boom your on another IP address
Once Nigeria fall along with my influence with Guinea, Niger, and Benin than everything falls
AIFA hereby stands by Japan’s position that every country deserves to be green on the country sections
I have quit botting for the better good and I’m not interested in it
For most of the time I botted it was actually a Stage 1 Botting Operation which is quite surprising
Theres even a cambodian dude who voted with like 3-4 accounts
Since I’m trying to reclaim “Lost Territory” from him
Antarctica, Spain, Philippines, US, France are the allies/victors of WW2
For me I have restarted my US project on the ChatVoteComb
In case your wondering, yes I am the one behind the AIFA and Z-Ed accounts
Also Russia is now in the Top 40 Lifetime which is really surprising
NIFA doesn’t sense anything suspicious due to not paying attention to North America because of the recent Lagos Earthquake
Ukraine is growing, South Korea is growing, Czechia is growing, and many more!
*China though who was supported by PAP did not want that to happen*
I would love to finally see a country outside of the country section up there
Fuck you Indian fools, fuck the Pakistanis that support Pakistan. I’m not taking a side in your drama anymore. I will erase you both from the Top 20
Who would of thought that a day later this would come
Yeah I just changed it to include less emojis, hopefully that helps
Liberia finally accepts becoming an observer state to NIFA
The Band Room at 8:00 PM. \n\nJust the pure darkness and the thought that something is looking at you from a distance. A strange but yet familiar place (Like you were literally just there)
Now that would be crazy for me to be able to make Kenya gain 300k likes in the snap of a finger. But overtime they will pass Nigeria
Singapore and Canada have growths comparable to Guinea and Benin
4/6 - PAP initiates a new cheap labor program which boosts productivity and increases trade with nations damaged by WW3
The same countries except for Malaysia, Taiwan and some others
But maybe do it before the Idle Vote reaches 50M votes
Actually another way to get maximum PP is if you manage to gain over 5,600 votes per week
When I first came on back in 2022, my original plan was to just vote the US as much as possible in one day and leave the next, but that ended up starting up my whole journey here. Like Daniel, I got into the community pretty fast but it wasn’t until late 2023 that I would make my first appearance on the actual discord server. Do I regret participating? Sometimes, but I’m just happy I made my footprint on the platform when I did and now I look back at it today and I think of all the memories I’ve made with Hisnotu and later you guys. So I guess it’s a balance between community and commitment to Utonish.
These are the only organized campaigns from each of the candidates, but later on during the Campaign stages, there will be more organized campaigns among all the candidates.
@Nova 2016 2018 Am I gonna serve the rest of my Admin term or what?
You disrespected us when I explicitly told you not to
Honestly I think the main reason Hsinotu is nolonger active anymore is because of Roblox.
Our main purpose is to contribute into society one way or another, not voting some dumb country 24/7
Well we got work to do tomorrow and hopefully NAFA can convert the idle vote country section all green
Eventually my ideas might change again and I might leave the idle vote again
Yeah your on the right channel, we are just denouncing Utonish’s actions
Well since this chat is pretty much silent I shall go back underground. Or in your case "gtg"
PREMIERING NOW! https://youtu.be/_QRAPnnPYDE?si=yp-fqXEE69V8Awqe
The reason is because the IMF hasn't released its Forecast yet for this quarter, and Utonish will update it once it coms out
I’ve come a long way since 2020. No need to dwell over those times again and again. Just think about the present with how things are, and look and to the future.
Bạn có thể tạo dựng cuộc sống của mình theo cách bạn muốn. Bạn có thể phấn đấu cho bất cứ điều gì bạn muốn. Điều duy nhất có thể cản trở bạn chính là những quyết định của bạn. Như bạn đã thấy ở tôi trong quá khứ, tôi đã mắc phải những sai lầm rất nghiêm trọng, nhưng ít nhất tôi đã nhận ra điều đó và tiếp tục tiến lên.
Idk who is doing this but they are doing a good job with it too
If I want redemption I need to live these last two months of the year first. I don’t want to waste the rest of my already broken persona on more chaos
Same I was able to find that but not the Daily Report playlist which I’ve been trying to look for
If there isn’t an Idle Vote 2 coming then it’s all about the matter of AIFA changing
I’m not even on the idle chat vote, that place is overrated
But at this point we cannot get any better than this
The crazy part is that the country section only had 14M likes when NIFA came back
Not to me but to someone else worthy. Believe me I’m not selfish to want to own GCAT.
They probably saw the post on Utonish and were probably enthusiastic in voting
Once that’s done, NIFA reigns supreme over the Idle Vote!
Nobody even on the ChatVoteCombo has achieved that number yet
@Utonish \n# Ongoing botting operation in Guam\nI know you may not look at this but if you do, can you please take action against Guam because they are constantly botting on the ChatVote. They have gained a ton of votes and points lately without being stopped. If you need visual evidence we will send you it here. All we ask for you to do is ban the accounts that are voting Guam and ban any future ones that may appear to vote Guam using a bot. Thank you and have a great day!
Lol Antarctica and Germany thought they can get to 1M Likes in a short amount of time. But I proved to them how long it takes
But that’s your ultimate goal is to make him believe you, or else GAME OVER
Wait maybe your right, let me look at my data again
@Karotten Really? It’s up to me? Ok then whatever you say. I’ll send a new invite link right now.
Well we were joking around and I guess Caucasian took it personally
The NIFA Red Wave protocol has successfully prevented Mauritania from converting to Red
Once the CCP is done with Mainland China, they are gonna go after their neighbors, just watch
These countries have undoubtedly have done very bad things, but despite that we have to keep pushing forward and convert them green anyway.
With no other things to do, AIFA started to lose relevance as PoTenTiaL began to withdraw from Idle Vote for long periods of time
As a villain of the Utonish universe for so long, this is just genuinely messed up
It’s ok Jackie you will get one more chance in August:)
Wasn’t this channel supposed to be meant for the idle vote?
And then the fucking French say how worthless you are
Because of there being no data from yesterday, we will be referencing the last snapshot on the wayback machine a year ago so don't get confused with the daily gains
You don’t need to work extra hard on it when your already happy with it
I will allow you to since now I’m voting the 250th country now
@Karotten Can I have Stat Keepers role because I lost it when I left the server
Weekly Idle Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/3ezTKHMneoY?si=4akTAQPkaJFNJueU
But in the end, would we even be solving problems by adding sabotage
Well luckily I’ll be gone by the 19th so I won’t have to hear the same “THEY ARE ALTING, PLEASE UTONISH BAN THEM.”
Hope is lost, but maybe one day they would come back.
You said “I just woke up and again some trash is happening in the chat. I'm still trying to understand at least something”
“I'm going to go to sleep. Otherwise, your mother will beat your ass.”
Since even 2 accounts is enough for Utonish to ban them
What did I say? Don’t say anything bad about me. If you say anything else bad you will lose your mod status. Right @Nova 2016 2018
Then set up like 2 or 4 servers on it then and it should be faster than normal
Ah but I think the Shio guy is the most powerful voter
@Utonish I request to disable the chatvote in entirely for a day so people can go touch grass
I mark this in Utonish history as the end of the an era
@everyone REFAME Vote is officially released! Vote your favorite countries and subdivisions now! I will go over new details soon! Check out the command list at https://nightbot.tv/y/%40potential_stats/commands
The Cycle of Bayuification continues to unravel as we speak and anyone could become the next Leader
If Caucasian was here I would tell him to do his recap
NIFA Alert: The Red Wave's plans have been confirmed! The Red Wave are planning on getting every country above 2k likes. As seen, Andorra and Italy are stuck at 2k and 2.1k respectively but every country below that is gaining dislikes on a daily basis. NIFA is now active and will start bringing nations above 2k likes tomorrow
Tbh though, I might of scared her. Ever since I left, she became less active
Bro I randomly just connected to Montreal on my VPN and you would think I would get 5/60 because I have never used that IP Address before on the idle vote, but believe it not I literally got 60/60 like if someone in Montreal is using that IP on the Idle Vote. Like that’s so creepy I never even used it and yet it still gave me 60/60 like if I have.
So with all that being said. Respect to Utonish for just being him. Simplicity is always the key in making things work.
But meh it’s fine Nigeria already is almost at 10k votes
Lmao I’m trolling Caucasian as his subconscious lol
Exactly. If you ask the person voting Czechia and they accept then you can support them. But if you don’t ask them and you still vote. The legislation will be activated and will take action
It could potentially make it so when the dislikes meet up then you can’t decline
Says the only guy that Botted Indonesia to Top 1 back in 2023
Yeah then I would pull off one final push to reach 320k votes
I have no idea, I finished NIFA operations awhile ago
I will fly there in the next 24 hours and find you Caucasian
And that way you’ll hold the upper hand against dislikes
Imagine Utonish just a stream called "Vote" where you can say something in the chat and it will vote it
If anyone else talks about elections outside of #🗺️◄𝖯𝗈𝗅𝗂𝗍𝗂𝖼𝗌►🗺️ will be timed out for 3 hours
The was all a false flag operation for what’s about to come.
A rare moment of the Singaporeans helping other countries
You should at least try to annoy me by voting Germany or something
They need to have consistent growth like everyone else
Yeah that Red Wave group is stunned right now and are disliking Israel because of that
Based off of my “8 month experience” I had back in 2023
Nah bro I’m good. I’ve already told Daniel not to take the Combo seriously and I shouldn’t either.
And I’ll work there for my entire life. Because I strive for the mines⛏️
How would you guys rate me outta 10? \n1 being bad\n10 being perfect
I officially declare the admission of DR Congo and Sierra Leone into NIFA!
NIFA Prays for the protests going on in Bangladesh! The government should know better.
Not really. I’m just upset thinking about the amount of stuff NBA has to go through when I’m gone. At the same time I’ve already made my exodus.
Despite all the shit that happened within the past 3 years I finally will see a day where Nigeria is number 1
11:44 PM, AIFA launches its first dislikes against Guam
The very first iteration of the recap but made in 2024
Not the lyrical version because of religious reasons
Then as you know a random dude known as Boston tried to ratio Singapore on the idle chat vote as Canada, but failed
Hes far beyond what we can imagine like what DTM said awhile ago
And also we need to make it look like Utonish’s work but not 100% of course.
AE: But anyway our plan for now is just see how the Atlantis of this timeline looks before being discovered
Again, it’s not about Utonish. Just achieve your goal and that’s it
And speaking of Germany I think they really deserve it after losing against Indonesia a long time ago
What does that have to do with your Canada operation dumbo
Today (or yesterday) Mark's IdleVote history (that no one cares about) as Nigeria officially passes Germany in terms of having the most likes ever recorded with Nigeria having 1.024M and Germany having 1.023M.
The fact he escaped the prison role twice is insane
Btw bạn means either You or a friend depending on the context
Since Georgia is from the US 50 States section meanwhile Russia is from the country section
Antarctica and Micronesia have also grown quite a bit last week and this week
Then the aliens start getting sucked into the Time Machine
There’s nothing I can do because of the operation with America
Russia has passed 200k growth! Thus Russia has reached it goal
Since Georgia the state represents the US's bid for NIFA integration
I know what your thinking Chào does indeed sound like “Ciao” from Italian
Especially now that the "friends" that I have are leaving like whats the fucking point in continuing
Ikr I would of thought the idle chat vote would win
I understand that you guys hate botting and so do I
What ill do is disable xp on 2 of my channels and make all of the channels the same so that way Utonish would have to look in his system in order to find out
The people in Southern Africa oppose NIFA rule and hope to gain independence again
Currently the Falkland Islands are the 21st fastest growing
Yeah just incorperate youself known  into the universe, make yourself known
Also @Nova 2016 2018 you are the GCAT President since well you are the owner and founder of GCAT and that role will last infinitely unless said otherwise.
And I created a complete selfish argument against her
But ever since the whole TW situation, it just seemed to go downhill from there
He left the server but he said he will come back in January
It doesn’t matter, that’s not what defines every single one of them
Who would be using Singapores Ip to use the idle vote
But then my computer started to slow down because of all the Idle Vote stuff I was doing
Are you scared that you’re gonna abuse your power again? Because those idoits deserve to die by my hand whether you like it or not.
If you get to vote it a lot I think it has a good chance of getting 5th or 4th
But you know Singapore, they can always count past infinity
Sorry if I sound really pessimistic, I’m just upset talking about the combo tbh
People will find breakthroughs like I did to bypass it
I might have my peace with Utonish, but I still hate what Utonish does
I may pause voting a little bit to chat but I will be there 100%
I will also add a couple more rules for Election Guidelines so this doesn’t happen again
I’ll be building a whole Ultra Huge World Map in Minecraft
“Than đá” or “than mỏ” means coal im pretty sure meanwhile “Thang” means ladder. I could just be heavily biased and wrong about it however that’s based on my knowledge of Vietnamese
If Russia somehow gets first again I will switch to them
Bruh im just voting bro, you don't need to take it so deep bro
A lot of people say that the most forgotten thing is the idle vote, but just remember that the IdleViewVote was literally deleted from existence a year and half ago now
All of them together would at first lose to me but if they pick up steam, their combined combo would be enough to wipe Vietnam off of first
If you can write this without AI, I will vote yes on your poll.
на самом деле тот 6000, о котором вы говорили, он его потерял
So im gonna start a completely fresh combo and see how far I can get with this
@GCAT Citizen INTRODUCING THE FINAL VISUALIZATION! INTRODUCING the ChatVoteCombo Vote Growth History Since 2025 Visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24526325/
Woah so its recap day today and its not even Sunday lmao
Nigeria continues to grow in dislikes in spite of having more dislikes than the whole like count combined
3/5 - Southern Africa holds talks with the new ADP alliance
Well what I think Utonish should do as said is make combos brand account based so when you transfer a YouTube channel to another brand account, it will just reset your combo to whatever the other brand account combo is at.
Alright no more voting on the IdleVote, I’m gonna switch to combo
They grew so fast a long time ago but now have fallen down to 41
Turks showed up on the combo around 3-4 days into combo
Only if you complement him or you make something related to his stuff
Where I know what I have to do but everything else is lost to time
But despite that you will get unbanned because of that
Sorry for the 2 day delay but good job we’re making progress!
@Benyi Pratam I thank you for being with me for the past two years
# This is the beginning of the Cyberpunk Era\nThe Era of Factional Wars
Uh just keep being consistant with them and you will get them to a higher spot
Ну, на данный момент не все потеряно. По крайней мере, это происходит во время летних каникул. Если бы это произошло во время школы, то все для него рухнуло бы. Так что я рад, что он делает это не в важные времена. Так что да, PoTenTiaL может нуждаться в терапии.
Alright based off of new projections for Nigeria, Nigeria will officially pass Singapore in Points on the 27th or 28th of May
Additionally there was a student led walkout against ICE not too long ago and this teacher strike only adds to the depression I am feeling. Why does the world have to be this way at this very time? I was expecting this to be the start of a fresh beginning with good stuff up in the air, but it’s only the continuation of a depression I am trying to get rid of. Idk how we managed to get here but I consider this lowest point of my life this year.
Just gotta make sure I don’t get anymore of my accounts banned
@Halau You sure you had nothing to do with that based off of a previous event with Palau
https://tenor.com/view/t%C3%B4i-y%C3%AAu-vi%E1%BB%87t-nam-vi%E1%BB%87t-nam-s%C3%A1ng-ng%E1%BB%9Di-vi%E1%BB%87t-nam-qu%C3%AAh%C6%B0%C6%A1ng-t%C3%B4i-vi%E1%BB%87t-nam-c%E1%BB%91l%C3%AAn-y%C3%AAu-n%C6%B0%E1%BB%9Bc-gif-12449784
The loop may push me back from anything I do, but I know one thing, the IdleChatVote is officially back from the dead. Even more active than the ChatVote itself. This is officially the golden era of the IdleChatVote.
I knew it was that however I added the wrong tone mark…
I have the @Running for next elections role already bro. So I am running
And that’s the point, with people by your side, will be able to figure out the hosting
Since BL was declining and France was rising, I wanted to ratio France again and control the Top 3
He definitely wanted to annoy me, but luckily I took a different approach to it
Uh I refrain from voting because it’s an “Obviously Rigged” poll that will obviously involve people who aren’t so keen in one side.
Also speaking of ACS, I would like to introduce three more members to the Anti-Red Initiative, Spain, Indonesia, India. these new members have proven themselves by voting even while NIFA has been inactive
Or this one https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=2PFE2IJhlhQ&si=1w4PftbPoZfFVpRJ
But since they are dying AIFA doesn’t need to pursue such actions anymore
# Consider this the beginning of the end for GCAT if Nova does not act now.
Japan already has their own offensive going on against them but still worth supporting them in case
Alr we’ll see y’all in like 10 years when Botswana passes 2M likes
Yeah I gave up because im too focused on Indonesia and Singapore
@Halau At 8PM take a screenshot of the Of the whole 50 States Section
Weekly Chat Vote Country Recap | Streaks Recap Week 1
Indonesia vs Singapore full History: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/17724746/
So I will begin to expand them again tomorrow and I will start a new combo to replace my lost Venezuelan combo
We won’t report any of your accounts as long as you don’t bot at all
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=te4GczYtgEM&si=GSogcF42AXthjSUK\nRip Sahanaj, you were a great part of this community even if it meant nothing to you. I’m sorry we weren’t enough for you nor anyone in that matter. I hope wherever you go is better and I hope that you have found your peace where you belong…
AND EVEN WITH ALL OF THAT, THE RED WAVE WOULD STILL HAVE AN UPPERHAND
I once in awhile vote but I mainly spectate nowadays
RO: Yeah look there’s no glitches in it like NIFA mentioned
Right now the numbers a very small but once the combos get bigger and bigger, botting will become much less of an option to gain points
It’s quite surprising you don’t know about this, so I’m sorry if you don’t
Because I’m gonna make you do it tomorrow if you don’t do it now
Since there’s no way Utonish would call me and NBA cheaters
And then maybe next year we can elect a Treasurer to manage GCAT finances, and Developers which will help the Lead Developer in making GCAT projects
SWITZERLAND IS FIRST! https://youtube.com/shorts/DkMaGV3AgcY?si=6w-QFwFuHHydhOyB
Weekly IdleVote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/BSFx8pFQ8tk?si=fnx4MvM0EqFIYCDL
Wait since this server is beyond Utonish’s reach. You can tell us what you use to access all these IP’s
Được rồi, ít nhất thì hãy nghĩ xem nên ăn gì trước khi đi ngủ nhé!
WEEKLY TOP60 IDLECHATVOTE RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/F2RsfH1tbU4?si=7KlqUarHBBmBhZ43
Yeah that’s how I feel everytime but today at least I have understood why
Not really I mean if Denis can keep up with my growth than I think it will turn out like this
That actually makes a lot of sense since YouTube usually updates every month
Because back then they were Fascists I’m pretty sure. But now they are democratic like South Korea or Japan
And then OH SHIT SINGAPORE SOMEHOW GOT ABSOLUTE INFINITY VOTES AND GOT BACK UP!
I’ve lost almost all of my core because of a stupid mission to find an exploit
But for 4 hours I would go crazy after 1 minute voting non stop
Whatever I taught @karavase a lesson and my job here is done
That’s not it, Utonish also has to nerf Singapore a whole ton in terms of points and votes
So PAP began setting up alts in the nighttime for them
So not apart of the UK but under the rule of King Charles
As usual we are going to keep voting NIFA to increase that rate
They are tracked separately and are subtracted in the update
Oh well I cannot help with that because I’m banned from GCAT…
Yep we tried getting countries back to Green but the red wave continues especially in Israel
I think it would ruin the player leaderboard though
@Weather Alert Ping Sorry about that. To those who couldn't see #👨‍💼◄𝖫𝖾𝖺𝖽𝖾𝗋𝗌𝗁𝗂𝗉◍𝖠𝗉𝗉𝗅𝗂𝖼𝖺𝗍𝗂𝗈𝗇►🧑‍💼 now you can!
Like dude it sounded so professional for someone like him, so I knew it was done with AI
https://tenor.com/view/yes-yay-shaqoneal-excited-dance-gif-8818184967646032189
If you think you can beat the most influential person in Utonish history, you are delusional to think that
Additionally, Cote D'Ivoire and Republic of the Congo officially joins ACS.
I’m pretty sure there are people already above a 1K combo. We just don’t know who exactly
I will fully abandon Nigeria and all the countries I Botted
Brand new style https://app.flourish.studio/@FAME5MAU5_Studios_Flourish
We’ve already seen it with my actions in the past, so let’s not make that happen again twice in a row. Let’s now all move on and agree that the main purpose of Utonish is not for the numbers, but to have fun. Everyone to have fun, not suffer under people taking advantage over one another.
Well cuz i'm Vietnamese American, duh. I thought my Vietnamese sucked tbh
Will see what happens I doubt though they will stop
Anymore “The World is gonna end” messages I will delete them
Israel has passed Botswana in Likes thanks to NIFA support making Israel the second most liked country behind Japan. But in exchange NIFA now supports Botswana in NIFA’s move to protect the Top 10 from future Red Wave threats.
Also this too https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=2q4aZWGiXOQ&si=1986cB_Y_BQaQBoL
What if simply, Utonish is our sub conscious mind. We don’t live in it but we can sense it deep inside and we are actually apart of it everyday. We can visualize it, we can smell, and hear it. But we cannot feel it because the computers we connect to everyday links up with this and it’s the force that drives us to keep moving forward and continue to achieve things that are impossible. It’s the idea that keeps us awake at night whenever we think about it. It’s the emotions we experience, the ideas, the conflicts, the wars, the innovations, and the confidence that makes our world run. In the end Utonish is our fundamental principle.
And if yall don’t remember “DTM” actually means Dan the Man not Daniel T. Miller. But who knows maybe that’s what it truly means.
July 10, 2024 at 5:06 PM ET, The Russian Federation: being the highest negative point country on the whole idle vote, once being the fastest declining nation on the idle vote, and the last country on the whole idle vote for almost 2 and a half years. I officially declare the liberation of Russia as now a full fledged green country.
This is only the beginning of a new age without AIFA
Maybe the ComboVote will be the only thing, or it was just his side project and he might make a bigger one
I took the Sin of that and calculated the exact angle of that bitch and hit em
These will be the people who will ratio NIFA proper and the fastest growing countries on the idle chat vote
Ok guys I’m gonna say straight up, I don’t care about this nonsense anymore. If we want to discuss about this, let’s do it at this Saturday
Nah that’s kinda hard to do since I want it to be done quickly rather then spending my time copying and pasting each individual temperature which will take too long
Caucasian, not right now, I’m literally on edge right now.
As you can see now we’re focusing on Israel just as much as we are with the rest of the declining nations due to them being the fastest declining nations out of all 3 of them.
Thats insane how the idle chat vote began only in February and the idle chat vote is soon to overtake the chat vote in points
Reunion despite not being voted anymore is still the highest French Dependency even ahead of France
However I have noted that YouTube does have a soft limit which resets every two weeks
@Utonish DAY ♾️ ASKING YOU TO BAN SINGAPORE FOR GOOD
Nigeria is the greatest accomplishment since my Singapore campaign back all the way in 2021-2022 when I managed to get Singapore to 6th place
Unless there’s some cool abstraction done, then I can imagine it being done in like 10 minutes or less
I’ll go over the details on how I make them tomorrow but basically I set the spacing to like 500 and I screenshot parts of it and combine them to make the Top100
The Sun is about to go Supernova, so you gotta escape that before the sun blows all your stuff away
AE: These aliens could literally blow up whole cities and it would glitch out like that
When I tried to push the gap towards my favor he immediately reconquered it when Utonish was mass banning my accounts
It goes to show that cheating is not your way to go
And because of that selfish mistake no country will ever get close to Türkiye ever again.
Nhưng cuối cùng, tất cả phụ thuộc vào việc bạn thích hay không thích điều gì.
As my combo continues to expand I might be able to get second behind Israel
And I’ve since realized that Isn’t the case and well we’re here now talking about it
Well there should be an option there to clear cache
At this point the gap between Singapore and Indonesia is less than any country’s total points
I never got to test it so don’t rely on my information
Btw I see your making big progress against Malaysia on the ChatVoteCombo! I’m proud of you!
A new weekly record out of any Utonish live stream ever
And it will probably get me in more controversy anyway
So that way you guys can continue voting on multiple channels at once but are limited to the brand account and that way you cannot transfer anymore to get an advantage
RO: But before we get to that, we have to go over todays sponsor, Raid Shadow Lea- jk
So you want the banned one to replace the new channel, not the otherway around
I mean just look how much South Korea and Japan fell
She always pretends to be like that, in reality all she cares about is herself and Taiwan
However we cannot rely solely on providers to host it. We need to host it ourselves which of course requires money but it will put us in a good spot in making our project work
Eventually PAP would disappear from the face of the earth Singapore would go back to dormancy
As for 2012, 2011, 2010, 2009, 2008, I don’t remember much as I was only a toddler back then but they would be 12th and beyond respectively
Although OECD you can get away with disliking unless some item converts red
I have successfully revived the NAFA alliance, they are growing 5 per minute in total
Then they will be put in a line which will lead to NIFA integration
Unless your like Singapore or Indonesia from last year
Idk because Armenia is cool you know, they have the best mountains in the Caucasus
People were sick and tired of seeing the same country from the chat vote being dominant on the icv
But I’m more than happy with the way you will do it
Tomorrow we will include two more members into NIFA!
2 more weeks and it will officially be 1 year since I made my first recap here in this community
Ever since the beginning of this list in 2015, Two European Countries consistently dominated the Lifetime List, but one was always on Top. The UK always stood on top of the European Leaderboard since the very start with France being right behind. But this week, that changes, as the balance of power shifts continental towards the Iberian Peninsula where Spain has despite a rough start since 2015, has now taken the crown as my favorite European country for the first time. With many things like, Green Energy and a fast growing economy, and very good governance, this has made Spain a strong country and this week, that is put to the test.
I can only imagine he’s on his computer, PoTenTiaLly on the TOR Browser downloading some shit ass software that doesn’t even work☠️
Weve been doing well lately so I just hope it remains that way
# TOP USERS VS CHATVOTECOMBO WEEK 5 | Adjusted for real placements
Idk if it’s a troll or not but it could actually be him
8th would be Daniel because of his empire across the Combo and IdleChatVote and that would add up to around 700K Votes
# PLEASE DONT DISLIKE! YOU WILL END THIS WORLD IN A BLINK OF AN EYE
Instead of voting every 2 minutes I will do all my 700 or 800 and get the day over with
One year ago, Singapore passed Indonesia marking the first time ever a country has passed Indonesia since Germany’s initial defeat with Indonesia and has since ruled number 1 until Singapores take over.
Guys, I will be back tomorrow for AIFA operations, and I will release the idle vote recap also tomorrow.
I promise that if I pass you, it will be done legitimately, not botted
Well that’s another case because they used to be allies but now aren’t
One thing, if I was PAP, I would literally be the most powerful person on the chat vote
I wish there was a clarinet emoji, but you can probably imagine how that looks like
You should listen to that too Caucasian and Karavase
RO: Wait a second Zimbabwe has 1 and it’s above Botswana with no votes
So that way YouTube doesn’t glitch out which could be a reason for the transferring glitch
I have migrated the ChatVote-Country Vote History Since 2023 to the latest Visualization version https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24524200/
Fuck no, only if Mexico does well then I will use it
NIFA has activated its Red Containment Protocol for the first time outside of the country section targeting Alabama on the US 50 States section after a recent conversion to Red took place
Well im not gonna stop either way until I make my friend happy.
And with that the 2025 season, comes to an end. Goodnight.
@Caucasian Mapper Netherlands vs Georgia War Update!
What other ways are there I can convince this old man?
And that’s how I grew my combos from 0 to 160K as well
S1 & Anna🇬🇷 is REAL OVERWEENING BOT voting GR stop voting ID forever now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 How did you do it because when I do it, theres a bunch of spaces that I have to get rid of when I paste it in
That doesn’t excuse them for voting all the French Territories as well
I don’t wanna brag about it too much since Bayu has since been a dead trend, but ever since Indonesia began to grow extremely fast, my main goal was to one day beat that. And today I’ve finally done that! But in the end I still love y’all Indonesia
So basically in the parenthesis is vote's value in points
So that’s why I have him ahead because he managed to get 5K once per day
I’m sorry for insulting your country because of that PAP guy
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 Why did you change your name? I think Daniel the Great fits you better:(
Project Democracy 2025 will bring the promise to the idle vote and make the idle vote greater again
Yeah however it can be transferred to other IPs depending on your geographical location
Ok this is the answer according to Wikipedia\n\n“Georgia is a country in Eastern Europe and West Asia.”
Indonesia is the largest archipelago nation to be voted the most
For gods sake you better not treat PoTenTiaL the same way next week
I mean just look at my Profile pic, I’m well equipped to handle weeks worth of sleepless nights
Хорошо, в любом случае желаю удачи в твоей работе, и, конечно, когда я позволю PoTenTiaL снова поговорить с тобой, обязательно хорошенько его выговори, потому что моя работа на самом деле не так уж и эффективна.
I may of said this before, but “who cares about the numbers. Just as long as you have fun.“
Fuck no don’t believe his ass, I don’t even live in New York bruh
And it will be merged with the OFN as the Africana Branch
NIFA has managed to make Japan gain 100k since the beginning of the Second Green Wave!
The last NIFA external operations are ending tomorrow.
Me neither lmao that was so nice though Bilip! Thank you again
The Red Wave would later become the dominant force behind red attacks
You will want things to be your way at the expense of others
The next leader of AIFA will be Niger and this is their second term in power
Nah it’s more Malaysia has become the new Indonesia☠️
ISRAEL IS ON FIRE!🔥🔥 https://youtube.com/shorts/JPrJz9Udr4Q?si=h1jxgMODtDiDjndi
I have just lost my interest with the idle vote, because you know @Bosmium is right. Although I can’t excuse the fact that the Red Wave is still a thing which would care less about democracy on the idle vote. I want democracy on the idle vote however it’s impossible to achieve if the Red Wave never dies. If the Red Wave simply never existed then I wouldn’t even be doing all this.
However if you are caught twice you will be sent back to trial 1
Well once we have fully converted the whole country section green, our next goal is to get rid of the negative point countries completely
Yeah, it does. It’s just without me, at the moment it seems irrelevant
And just like the all the IdleChatVote Visuals are now done
Nigeria is expected to pass the US in the future to become the third most populated country
I will be reporting daily updates on the situation until the very end!
https://youtube.com/shorts/X8htmI1tNqk?si=87LOsDIyxHN10T3w @Caucasian Mapper
I don’t understand why they don’t target Russia which has the most dislikes
Now I understand the point of Utonish which is to waste people’s time
Ok finished updating my spreadsheet, so now im gonna work on report!
Nigeria began experiencing a huge increase of dislikes
Nigeria is the country I voted for on the Idle Vote
@Utonish After this can we discuss about the server moderation here? Because it has gotten out of control here. I suggest that you make people here you trust mods so people can actively look at the server when you’re gone.
Whenever I play the A Head Full of Dreams album, it just feels all over-exaggerated. Today, this is what life is all about.
2028:\n\n1. ADP - 1.84T Votes\n2. AIFA - 832G Votes\n3. European Commonwealth ~ 583G Votes
It gives people a chance to actually not use VPN for once and actually vote with one combo
That’s fine because I smoked them and got to 2.4M likes when I thought they were gonna get red
Don't do anything stupid though to EsXX or else you will see what will happen to Spain
https://youtube.com/shorts/EclGmBHtq1E?si=RXwX9vpetIaCgxs8
Because not only did he lie to the community about having a team, he didn’t keep his promises
Like the combo was fair at first but now look at how unfair it is now
Now do this for Nigeria on the chat vote when they pass Singapore
I’m proud of you Caucasian, you will once again be number 1 in your own alliance
And to this day it remains in the Top 20 thanks to Saat and the other Indian voters
Because I know I could vote 10k a day legitimately, it’s just how does he have time to do it
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=FYFpdI90bvg&si=SLrp98_PT43LjJoX\n\n“At the end of life, everything passes, only love remains. We must do everything for love.” - Saint Elizabeth
I have released an alpha version of the ChatVoteCountry Points visual with many more to come! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/25976498/
Nations like Southern Africa, and SARC have declared their support to the CIN
Fatal Error has been solved,\nSystems have gone back online.
Very old presentation/prediction I made relating to my friends Xbox gamerscore as you can half of my presentations are related to that
Ok good now is not the right time to be arguing or fighting. This is the time to be productive for once.
@Utonish no give Utonish, trust me when I say there is No way I would abuse the living crap out of Singapore and Nigeria on both platforms………,,,,,,,, why would I do such a thing??????
Logically speaking, nothing can escape a black hole, so even Utonish would surcome to it
But since then he’s now like 300K combo points behind Bilip
Just go to the idle vote because for some reason it shows up when I’m there
If I was one the ChatVoteCombo as an item. I will also add other users too!
They think that waiting 30 minutes is enough to push my back to 0
WEVE ALREADY GAINED MORE LIKES THAN THE DISLIKES DID YESTERDAY!
Algeria is now the second highest country in Africa in terms of points, way earlier before my predictions stated
Indonesia has to pull another damn 60 out of their a**
# Massive Updates coming to the Favorite Countries Report Soon
Btw I saw your comment about the countries that used to be red. That was actually my doing if anyone thought so already. NIFA is an alliance that I run. It’s not an actual alliance irl but it’s an alliance on the idle vote that I use to justify my presence/influence on the idle vote.
Speaking of Hsinotu, he sent me this like 2 hours ago
Bros accusing Americans for spamming meanwhile he does it himself💀
Also I don’t really care about rejoining GCAT anymore. Just as long as everyone remains happy like right now, Im ok with that.
Also Algeria is the only nation besides Singapore that’s growing faster than Indonesia surprisingly
Because Utonish only updates it every week, so check back on Saturday when Utonish releases the latest data
WEEKLY CHAT VOTE COMBO RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/j8hkgvKiBXs?si=CT6KzM-9AGwPywA7
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap | Streaks Recaps Week 3 https://youtube.com/shorts/45KGyh4-sW4?si=qNVK8qARtZXcfMUv
Also the Point Power list for ICV will be a bit controversal since well every country is gaining points lol
But at this people are literally quitting and im getting to that stage to as well, I have big plans for the summer and if this gets in the way of it, I swear im actually gonna crash out
Weekly Idle Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/ZyB9izYsuys?si=K4sYYx-1h5ZB1N8y
Can everyone please stop using the term “People’s Action Party” it’s kinda annoying at this point
@Bosmium and @DTM Utonish taking action against the red wave
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 can you re add me to that group chat
Although that may change in the upcoming weeks since they have been catching up to India
# :GCATpresentlogo:GCAT Server Rules:GCATpresentlogo: \nRead the rules carefully \n\n1. Don’t be disrespectful to others\n> If broken after one Warning, then 1 Day Prison Sentence, and increases by 1 Day depending on number of times broken.\n\n2. No excessive arguing or ranting\n> If broken after 2 Warnings, then 1 Day Prison Sentence, and increases by 1 Day depending on number of times broken.\n\n3. Avoid politics(except in politics channel)\n> If broken after one Warning, then 12 hour Prison Sentence, and increases by 12 hours depending on number of times broken.\n\n> If it was disrespectful it will be 1 Day and 12 hours and 1 Day and 12 hours more to each number of times broken.\n\n4. Don’t endorse botting when people don’t like it \n> If broken after 2 Warnings, then 12 hour Prison Sentence, and increases by 12 hours depending on number of times broken.\n\n5. Follow and respect Admin Instruction\n> If broken, then 1 Day Prison Sentence, and increases by 1 Day depending on number of times broken.\n\n6. No NSFW, gore, etc.\n> If broken, then 3 Day Prison Sentence, and increases up until a Week depending on number of times broken.\n\n> You will be banned after 3 consecutive times
4 more hours until the week is over, this is a week of a lifetime
And I mentioned this before but it will change overtime
Wtf so that means the Philippines are gaining a similar amount of votes to that of Türkiye, aww hell nah Türkiye has a new competitor
Until Denis comes back I will stop making the Indonesia vs Romania recaps
And Indonesia is expected to pass Antarctica to become the 4th highest in idle points on the entire site
So I should be able to beat it before 8:00 PM EST or 12:00 AM UTC
WEEKLY TOP60 IDLECHATVOTE RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/ZXEyhX7LsNE?si=3-mOYRHb20dscLub
Total dislikes for that matter on the country section
Let’s not get too deep into that, because well that Bayu account is yours, no question asked
This is probably Singapores best week so far since the beginning of their offensive, they might end up gaining 40k votes this week which is unimaginably impressive!
Also I hate to break it to yall but that’s  Karavase’s alt
Next goal, we gonna pass Singapore’s vote count on the IdleChatVote.
US bombed Venezuela’s capital and now Venezuela has declared a state of an emergency
Algeria soon passed Saint Barthélemy and Singapore would follow suit I think
But it never ends the Singaporeans continue voting otherwise
https://tenor.com/view/yes-yes-yes-yes-yup-yaas-yay-gif-6627446641467114840
Believe it’s not my responsibility or his to make you do it
You should add the eras in like the Dark Ages, or Community era, etc
Today: Myanmar officially becomes a NIFA observer state
I'll rename it to IdleVote once more nations from other sections get on there
Guys three more minutes until Utonish captures his data for the yearly summary
But they haven’t voted in a day now so let’s hope they don’t vote anymore
NIFA ALERT: There has been an uptick in Red Wave activity across the country section. We are working are hardest to quash the surge in dislikes in some countries
That’s not the point Bilip. I get you don’t care about expansion. But deep within you, you want to have something that you are good at. That’s why you continue to use the transfer exploit, so that way you can get all of the “Thanks” and “thank you” from all the countries you support because in your philosophy, there’s no competition, but you added a couple of tiny details to make it seem like it’s not. You see in your head, you’re not competing with other countries, in fact you don’t even realize you are even competing because of how powerful your combos you are. You think that transferring channels to get more votes is not competition, well you are wrong. Your gap between Daniel has increased from 50K combo points to 200-300K combo points. Your argument is false because even though are you supporting countries, you are only making it more unfair to other people who want to grow a combo for themselves. You are stealing every possible vote to count towards you combo and that is wrong. You can discuss all you want about how I crave for power, when you my friend are the one taking it without even you realizing. So before you say you Scot free from accusations from me, you better take a look at your argument before you even make another meaningless statement about it.
Idc about them too much since they aren’t supported by the red wave however I’ll get to them before they get negative points
I think that at the end of the day will probably get 5,760
Also I realized that Algeria they only vote up to 50 before reset back to 1, now they are no longer doing that
@Utonish If you allow me to get to 6.13T points I will gladly step down for the rest of the week
Yeah right because 1M points per second isn’t enough as 1M points per 30 seconds
Russia has become the 1st nation on the ComboVote to pass 1K dislikes ._.
Ok cool, I recommend you vote España because its right behind Nigeria
And I’ll bet you Nigeria will be dead when I’m dead
This is the only thing that could possibly make me happy at this point
And once that’s done, I can finally enjoy the rest of my life
Karavase came out of nowhere so I hope he’s not secretly Boston trolling me
But apparently to my attention he’s not living it correctly
My goodness Utonish why haven’t you banned them yet?
I just happen to have a shorter human capacity than all of you all.
Also the gap between Singapore and Indonesia soon to be End-onesia is now 34B
Weekly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/wikWTBMdvUk?si=bFATCm2ghaIOcGgp
My school is only 3 floors tall and I only go up there for Computer Science
Actually ima eat the Singapore △ in your profile pic
No worries though I will try to be active once in awhile because like Lenon I’m gonna be going into college in 2027
What truth, you are just jealous that I’m doing good on the chat vote, and the fact you cannot keep up with me
Yeah and I’ll focus on getting Serbia and Israel out of the red since there not in the negative yet
My original goal was to control the Top 3 after Reunion would pass Türkiye but then things got out of control and I would support Falkland Islands and China because of the looming controversy so I wanted to revive my reputation but yeah the crushing point was Boston and the introduction of the Shadowban
If I were to somehow did this on the idle chat vote, I would still not counter PAP
Just continue to try other things until Utonish can fix it
Here’s a better image of the Combo so I can use this
*Now Canada and Brazil became the giants that hope to dethrone Falklands from number 3*
All of those normal channels are banned by Utonish☠️
But it all just depends on how you vote and how lucky you are
So if suddenly theres a power outage, then NIFA would completely collapse
As I was saying, the Red Wave has most likely found an exploit to maintain their combo while VPNing because there is no way they disliked Vietnam 400 times two times in a row without waiting 30 minutes
Ok there’s no way I will be going back to those streams and causing destruction
The Spanish have been growing fast lately🔥 9B points yesterday which is more than Indonesia
Well I call it NEO-NIFA because its inspired off of NIFA from the idle vote, but in reality its not related to Nigeria as much
If you insult a staff member again you will be put in jail
You should probably vote them before the French pass Saint Barthélemy @Halau
@Karavase I have a peace deal for you.\n\nFirst of all, I’m sorry for treating you like an asshole and calling you names. In the past couple of weeks, your effort has quite impressed me to say the least and I’m happy that you are able to do a lot for not only your country but the IdleChatVote as a whole. Your presence on the IdleChatVote has helped it stay alive despite everyone leaving. I thank you for always keeping your word despite the criticism from others.\n\nSecond of all, I am willing to support Canada to 500k votes along with Singapore to 500k as long as you don’t plan to pass Singapore in points, I’m willing support your efforts for as long as you want. Additionally I will not pass Canada in votes, in fact I’m willing to tie with Canada and not go any further.\n\nLastly, we will allow you to join GCAT again and I’ll send you an invite link to the server and we can discuss our plans on the Idle Chat Vote. Although you’re already on here so nvm.\n\nSo Karavase, thank you for being a big part of this community and I’m hoping that we can work together like we always have.\n\nFrom, PoTenTiaL
It’s not really dead unless your referring to the Idle Chat Vote
Like Türkiye and Algeria for example they are already larger than their Chat Vote counterparts
THE BIGGEST COMEBACK IN CHATVOTE HISTORY https://youtube.com/shorts/7sQdo12B2K8?si=s1c5fwh3G4DUgzO2
So only 6K more until it reaches the ChatVoteCombo record
They are growing around the same amount as me in dislikes
Utonish: Now I have 10M subs, PAP is this powerful??
They were once the third highest in points in Africa behind Tanzania and Botswana which has left them in a good position on this list since they havent been voted too much
Congratulations to France for getting the 11 Millionth vote!
I don’t need to read it because your not even responding to my point
As of today so far Algeria might actually be able to get more votes than Singapore this week! Singapore has gained 2.5k votes meanwhile Algeria has gained 2.1k votes! Will see how things go though if the Algerians can give Singapore a run for their money!
So per day you should end up with 15 points max for voting 800 a day or more
Yeah Greece grew pretty fast in October/November 2023
It’s crazy to say this but at this rate we might actually get our first 1T point country within the next few weeks if Turkey, Algeria and Singapore continue growing at a fast rate
AIFA Alert to idle chat vote campaigns:\nI have figured out what AIFA’s biggest threat on the idle chat vote is, it’s the French, they have built themselves a huge empire across the idle chat vote and they hope to take over the idle chat vote with multiple countries on their side. AIFA Shall not allow this.
However this only lasted for a week in the good old month of March as Iost interest again
Sorry haven’t been paying too much attention to the Chat Vote
Now that’s better! https://youtube.com/shorts/udXaYUy3q4s?si=5U-aF3r0aebdLGcN
But the main advantage you have is Population and resources since you control quite a bit of land
Armenia and Israel are the only ones that could possibly pass Singapore in the future unless Bayu somehow comes back and Indonesia repasses Singapore.
But because the EU also sort of has a bounty on you for getting Germany banned on all social platforms, they will also go against you
# LOCAL POWERS (>1%)\n14. 🇳🇬 *Nigeria* \n***55,002** `= 0`*\n-# **1.325%** `- 0.011%`\n15. 🔼(+1)🇮🇱 *Israel*\n***53,054** `+ 779`*\n-# **1.278%** `+ 0.008%`\n16. 🔽(-1)🇰🇷 *South Korea* \n***52,279** `+ 206`*\n-# **1.259%** `- 0.006%`\n17. 🇦🇷 *Argentina* \n***48,200** `= 0`*\n-# **1.161%** `- 0.010%`\n18. 🇬🇺 *Guam* \n***46,953** `+ 142`*\n-# **1.131%** `- 0.006%`\n19. 🇧🇾 *Belarus* \n***46,378** `+ 38`*\n-# **1.117%** `- 0.008%`\n20. 🇾🇪 *Yemen* \n***45,297** `= 0`*\n-# **1.091%** `- 0.009%`\n21. 🇭🇰 *Hong Kong* \n***45,297** `+ 60`*\n-# **1.090%** `- 0.008%`\n22. 🇰🇿 *Kazakhstan* \n***45,143** `+ 578`*\n-# **1.087%** `+ 0.005%`\n\n# RISING POWERS (>0.75%)\n23. 🇺🇦 *Ukraine* \n***40,517** `+ 64`*\n-# **0.976%** `- 0.007%`\n24. 🇵🇱 *Poland*\n***40,290** `= 0`*\n-# **0.970%** `- 0.008%`\n25. 🇯🇵 *Japan* \n***37,983** `+ 60`*\n-# **0.915% **`- 0.006%`\n26. 🇳🇷 *Nauru* \n***35,080** `+ 44`*\n-# **0.845%** `- 0.006%`\n27. 🔼(+1)🇮🇳 *India* \n***35,042** `+ 950`*\n-# **0.844%** `+ 0.016%`\n28. 🔽(-1)🇺🇸 *United States* \n***34,891** `+ 269`*\n-# **0.840%** `- 0.001%`\n\n# PRETENDERS TO BE THE POWER (TOP 5)\n29. 🔼(+1)🇵🇰*Pakistan*\n***30,444**`+ 735`*\n-# **0.733%** `+ 0.012%`\n30. 🔽(-1)🇷🇸 *Serbia*\n***30,099** `+ 58`*\n-# **0.725%** `- 0.005%`\n31. 🔼(+1)🇨🇳 *China* \n***29,775** `+ 202`*\n-# **0.717%** `- 0.001%`\n32. 🔽(-1)🇳🇱 *Netherlands* \n***29,675** `+ 60`*\n-# **0.715%** `- 0.005%`\n33. 🇭🇷 *Croatia*\n***25,825** `+ 486`*\n-# **0.634%** `+ 0.006%`
Exactly and Singapore over here is gaining double somehow???
So do well this week and you will expect great results!
Honestly I think this all started because we cannot seem to realize how important it is to keep democracy.
This will dramatically change the placements on not only the country section but also shift power once in awhile
But America since were a melting pot knows how to make it
Lemme show you real quick I’m still capable of voting
@everyone NEW VIDEO OUT NOW! https://youtu.be/cb6kWejCeQk?si=QWjjkmEiZVqZrr3T
At least both parties now have peace. GCAT and me. GCAT got what it wanted, and I got what I wanted. Peace and freedom.
You know what, now that I think about it, with this guy in charge of Singapore now, I will support Singapore now
@🔥Maypi The Tiki Taka Great🌏 You sure you didn’t use the transfer exploit?
I would need to create some sort of device that can counter all 20
I can officially declare that with all of my projects across all of Utonish live streams I have finally accomplished \n# 1,000,000 votes in a year\nEven if 60% of that was botted, I’m at least happy that in the end this was a great year, even better than the last! Thank you all for supporting me and believing in me until the very end! I’m officially the second person this year to do this after Bilip himself!
As of 9:19 in Poland, Poland official passes 1T making them the 6th country on the Chat Vote to do so! Congratulations Polska!
Ok so since its gonna be the same thing every week, im just gonna combine them both together. The Points and Votes since Points really just relies on the Votes anyway
Cmon Denis, don't start with that attitude again. I didn't say your wrong for anything. I just said you need to just be yourself. Don't pick on others if its not gonna benefit you in the long run.
Ok I’m expecting elections next week so don’t expect me to wait any longer.
Because Karavase is fucking 10 years old and needs to go to school. WELL GUESS WHAT, I can change accounts when I’m at school without having to worry about being at my desktop! Haha take that sucker.
You know that he hates Hungary but you decided to mess with him anyway because you wanted to send him a political message
NIGER TOP 20! https://youtube.com/shorts/RxfBAujriO8?si=PX7-F_0oALrtXze3
But anyway jokes aside, my mom would probably make it better
And by the end of this month, Romania should have around 1,800,000,000,000 Points!
It’s time to lock the fuck in and get Philippines to first
But despite that, they aren’t one of the fastest declining so it’s easy to convert them
So I need 14 more accounts if YouTube allows me to create more
@Karotten He’s what I suggest, I will stop voting Germany and instead vote the 250th country
Idk man, Benyi and KarottenHoe had a bit of an uproar and Benyi lost his spot in the elections because of it lmao
I miss when things were simple. Now everytime I think of an operations, it just seems so complicated now.
Ok I am announcing that I will be resuming my operations on all Utonish services
Since 🇨🇶 got added, on discord it appears as 🇨 🇶  but without a space
But no YouTube doesn’t ban channels that overuse the feature
I started it back in early 2023 to be ruined by PAP in 2024 and now we strike back in 2025 to which I end it
The last age before the inevitable end of the chat vote
Nah bro we be preparing for another War of Liberation afterwards💀
https://tenor.com/view/transformers-transformer-dance-robot-rewind-gif-24291255
I had no choice but to switch to Nigeria since, Singapore like I have mentioned awhile ago with the United States is that they are already popular and that I like to support a lesser known country, and now that a new person has taken my place for Singapore, there’s literally no point in supporting them. And adding to the fact that we all now hate PAP and the fact I originally liked Nigeria because of the idle vote, that’s pretty much why I chose Nigeria instead of supporting Singapore.
Ok anyway I’ll talk to you later. Also make sure to do your weekly report today @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
PoTenTiaL: Yeah what if we rediscover Georgia because they said they might come back in the future
Just wanna make sure the growth leaderboard is gonna be fully NIFA dominated
Ohh I used last weeks data for the Attention list, no wonder
@Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 We are proud of you, thank you for your awesome service!
Niger officially passes 10T points! Niger is now the third African country to ever do so!
The last major event on that section was @Halau rampage with Georgia which he thought he could pass Nigeria in growth
Also Mango kept updating the site changing some mechanics
Because you can see they typed 4289 like α dozen times
So you contributed a lot more then just those big 4
Stage 3 is a piece of cake but is much easier to get banned with if you don’t have the right precautions
Like I said all I care about is the votes now, so he can ban them all he wants
Lol btw Botswana has went from 824k likes to 950k likes in a month and a half
4/26 - The leaders of NIFA and former AE disappear without no traces.
Singapore is expected to become to second nation to pass 100k votes later this week
Well cmon Caucasian, elections are coming whether you like it or not. To keep things fair, we need new people to run.
# Best Voters in the Utonish Universe | Week 2\n\n1. 🇻🇳 Khá Năng - 18,310 pts + 210 points\n2. 🇹🇷 Bilip Blop - 16,010 pts + 210 points\n3. 🇩🇪 Karrotten - 12,830 pts - 70 points\n4. 🇨🇱 Chispa - 8,810 pts + 210 points\n5. 🇵🇼 Bosmium - 8,710 pts + 210 points\n6. 🇨🇦 Boston - 7,830 pts - 70 points\n7. 🇪🇦 Tresparral (EsXX) - 7,770 pts + 170 points\n8. 🇮🇩 Bayu - 7,650 pts + 150 points\n9. 🇷🇺 Daniel the Great - 7,010 pts + 210 points\n10. 🇬🇪 Caucasian Mapper - 6,890 pts + 190 points\n11. 🇨🇦 Karavase - 6,890 pts + 190 points\n12. 🇨🇵 Maurice Larroutorrou - 6,510 pts + 210 points\n13. ⬆️🇩🇪 ThisIsGermany - 6,210 pts + 210 points\n14. ⬇️🇳🇬 Remi Ogunsuyi - 6,130  pts - 70 points\n15. 🇩🇿 Saara - 5,730 pts - 70 points\n16. 🇲🇾 Abdul - 5,710 pts + 210 points\n17. ⬆️🇨🇱 MatixxPlayz - 5,410 pts + 210 points\n17. ⬆️🇨🇿 Maypi the UwU - 5,310 pts + 210 points\n19. ⬇️🇵🇭 Userdev_ - 5,230 pts - 70 points\n20. ⬇️🇮🇩 CenterrayXP - 5,130  pts - 70 points
If we can somehow commit to that with Djibouti, we could easily pass them
Because you know what I’m gonna be on his doorstep in a couple weeks and when Nigeria passes Vietnam, he’s gonna regret naming his account Singapore
And I laughed my ass off when I saw Barbados 250 that one time
I would of thought that you would like this idea so I reimplemented it! You can post all the Benyi moments you want in #deleted-channel
Also France is catching up to Saint Barthélemy at a fast rate now
On the Chat Vote or IdleChatVote? Impossible unless you have PAP’s power
I mean AIFA did dislike before back when it was NAFA but that’s a whole other story for another time but it had to do with Nigeria constantly gaining dislikes.
Stay tuned for my Trophy recap later once the next Utonish recap comes out
Spain is the 10th country to pass 1T points! Congratulations!
Then Stage 1 could easily be considered Stage 0.75 when the person is actively there
Well technically you can do that via a note app which you taught me to do with all the spaces
That’s more than what the ChatVoteCombo managed to get in its first 2 months combined which is insane to think about
I’m very disappointed in you @Benyi Pratam you would rather repeat my same mistakes for your own sake than actually being a good human being.
Although he probably won’t because Utonish doesn’t do anything
So we couldn’t tell he joined back secretly then left
Nah they aren’t that scared because Singapore passed Algeria and they did nothing
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I’m sorry but I think we as GCAT took things too far. @Nova 2016 2018 this needs to be addressed. Even though it didn’t directly break the rules, it bas definitely negatively affected Caucasian. We cannot let something like this happen again. I think the rules may need to be updated.
-5:43 PM UTC, more CIN uprisings happens this time in the OFN Asiana Branch and quickly gain ground in Tibet, and Xinjiang.
However because it’s been so long this wouldn’t happen since people are mostly integrated into Utonish technology as we’ve seen in the earlier years. And with the technological advancements of the past 10 years, society has forever changed.
The Idle Chat Vote was the original predecessor to the Idle and Chat votes
Hey idk wtf they are up to but they might have bad intentions
Yeah no worries I assure you will get Georgia higher
Antarctica has passed Benin in growth! \n🇦🇶: 374,153\n🇧🇯: 374,136
@Caucasian Mapper I’m happy to announce we will be continuing our operations on the Chat Vote FREE FROM UTONISH OPPRESSION!
And get rid of all the bad things Nigeria has made during their presidency
# @Nova 2016 2018 CONGRATS ON 100M FOR NORFOLK ISLANDS🔥
Yeah I take a screenshot of the whole country section list and I convert the votes and points into text which I put in a google sheet as you can see on my recaps
EONY Season 2023 is a annual season referring to my second most influential fictional universe, the EONY Universe
This is not a joke though, of course he will take our word. We just have to stop making his job harder. If we do, then of course hes not gonna consider your words unless you write "20 pages". So stop making it so hard when in reality it takes a bit more respect from you guys to convince him
I hope to at least get rid of Antarctica, Chad, and Azerbaijan out of the Top 60 when I finish my main goal with Nigeria as I support more African countries
But both sections are pretty close in terms of growth so like you said, it will take a year
Ok I will have to admit it @Nova 2016 2018 I will be fully breaking from the combo for about a month
If for some reason Kiribati, Dominican Republic, Morocco, along with Sweden, Norway, and Honduras continue to grow, I expect Niue will fall out of the Top 40 soon
Bilip has his victory laps but I have my doubts on everything
So its like im not popular and popular at the same time😕
Because you know that whole Nigerian-Botswanan rivalry for highest in Africa
I will be posting 1-2 edits everyday that are related to Position changes or Milestones
No not that, it from something else maybe. Something that makes me want to crash out again. Idk what it is but I feel really bad at the moment.
No way im gonna spend more depressing hours to end up losing it
I cannot stand looking at us being admins for another month
@Máxi @Lenon (Stadtbild) @Shut Up Maypi @Vicky\n# My Statement about what happened on Thursday and Friday\n\nSo it comes to my attention that Máxi wants me to apologize to you guys for what I have been doing for these past couple months which I didn’t really care to notice until now. Basically it goes back to to April with my Philippines operation bringing them ahead of Taiwan. I became a really bad person again and I wanted to break TW all because of how she treated me. And in the process I passed Chispa’s Chile and I constantly called him out for his voting activities because I thought he was botting. I didn’t think much about it but that might have been the start of all of this drama. Then I passed Vicky and Máxi’s Argentina as India(which I botted) to which Argentina became more prominent and began to vote more. Then most importantly I began to help Danto with Vietnam recently which Argentina was going to pass swiftly, and I even though this one was the only legitimate operation on the combo in awhile, I genuinely feel bad for causing so many bad things to happen with you guys. I’m deeply sorry for making you guys endure so much suffering because of my actions. I tried to make a difference many times but ended up failing. I don’t know if you guys will forgive me for this because of all the bad things I have done in the past 2 years as PAP, Nigeria, and now Combo stuff—its hard to forgive someone when they have done things over and over again, but at least we can move on from this and not do anything stupid like before ever again. I will try to control my emotions better, and not make myself do anymore stupid operations against what you guys want. Hopefully in 2026 will be a new era of voting for us, and we can learn from our past mistakes to make good. Also sorry for how I tried you yesterday Máxi. So with that being said let’s move on from this even if it’s hard to and let’s make sure this doesn’t happen again!
@Bosmium Ok I think me and Karotten have figured out the issue. There may apparently be server issues or Utonish is preventing us from voting for some reason
This is the biggest growth ever seen since my operation with Russia not too long ago
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 Do you remember you were at in July?
@Halau Sorry but this week I have broken your Falkland Islands record for 2nd most points gained in a week
If NIFA continued to support Japan at a fast rate they would of passed Nigeria in terms of growth
Speak to me with your words. Your AI generated essays don’t mean anything in this equation. I’m not here to insult you or argue with you yet you think that’s all we’re made of. I’m willing to work with you if you are willing to work with us. I don’t care about the past because the past is the past. I have went through struggles just as much as you do in order to make people realize, and I know how it feels. Just speak to me normally and stop this. Things could be normal if you want things to be normal. Just stop this.
Well we support your guys decision to take a break since well we are taking a break
Doesn’t matter they lost much of their growth to the red wave
History of the Idle Chat Vote has been updated with recent recap!
*Reverted back to 1 subscriber*\n*Japan now has only 1 view*
And then maybe Spain would pass China since it’s supported a lot on the idle vote side
I just don’t like them on the idle chat vote at the moment
2026: RandomChatVote where each vote adds a certain amount of points
So the next Nigeria edit will be at 4.5T points and of course when Nigeria passes Indonesia
Bruh its gonna be impossible to pass Turkiye so why yall think I will be able to do that?
One combo for Ph so that way nobody like Oman will pass Philippines
Also Georgia seems to be catching up to you in likes…
Singapore becomes the 2nd nation after Greece excluding Indonesia to officially pass the US🔥
Bro but then Chat Vote and Idle Chat Vote also has to get one
You have a dark future ahead you know that. Im an 8 year old and yet you can't even do the simple tasks that 8 year olds can do. Shameful tbh. You should look at yourself in the mirror and think about all the things you should improve upon because the way your going right now is not going to work out. So please take my words to consideration and make the right choice. I don't mean doing your recap but I mean doing whats right for you.
AIFA will figure it out if it’s a red wave attack or not
It’s not like its really gonna happen unless the Falklands really had the dedication Singapore has
Hey guys not the TNO from HOI4 but on the chat vote
What im doing is unfair? Supporting other countries while supporting my friend @userdev_
And I will of course still be updating the other visualizations which uses the daily data
Im gonna report all of her accounts to YouTube for spam
Starting this week I’ll try to do an Weekly Idle Vote Recap but I won’t guarantee anything yet
Oh boy… I’m trying not to crash out but the feeling is getting worse…
They are mocking PAP for trying to vote against them as China
So basically it can vote with infinitely many numbers without resetting
Pakistan doesn’t deserve to be that high in the first place so that’s why I’m voting India to Ratio Pakistan
It will be a branch of NIFA in which whoever is a member of the Structure will be supported by NIFA.
So if you vote in total 800 on all live streams combined per day then that will result in maximum PP
The US might pass Benin but as Benin catches up in growth they might prevent the US from passing them
Spain will be at 900k and Indonesia will be at 850k likes
But my job today and to the weeks and months to come is to end that
# FOR ALL REMAINING MEMBERS\n**This applies to everyone not involved with the incident yesterday** You are advised for further involvement in GCAT. I will be marking my leave from GCAT once this is solved, and you all should do the same.
About the same amount of time it takes to finish the SAT math portion
I kinda want it to look like the Utonish logo, however I can make one with “GCAT” underneath
Let me tell you what. If you say something like that again, you will be next… Don’t stand in my way of TW
Because you know how votes can regenerate overtime so basically all you have to do is wait and you can use it again
And as I stated awhile ago I will support Vietnam “legitimately” soon
The only problem is that we still cannot use two accounts at the same time so don’t do that or else you can still get your combos banned, so I will talk to NBA about that later if I can
I had to separate shadow identities and I got away with voting Singaporean and Algerian empires
They discovered that all these Earthquakes happen around the Central Atlantic
I have gotten 1st on every single Utonish project except IdleViewVote and the original IdleChatVote
The Red Wave didn’t exist yet, I was simply just having fun with only one country
My laziness shall end now, with this new technique of mine I don’t have to worry about spending so much time on my desktop just to replace the banned account when I can just simply do it remotely and not have to worry about wasting too much time!
At least be grateful someone with your name is helping you
# Important News\nIn a shocking turn of events, Vietnam passes the Philippines on the Lifetime Leaderboard making Vietnam for the first time in 3rd place!\n\nAlso the "Real Christmas" Countries are growing fast this week thanks to of course, Christmas!\n\nLastly Russia is one of favorite countries again this week!\n\nTheres a lot of bigger changes this week which I don't have much time to cover so good luck uncovering them!
Like what you do, you use two different ones for voting, meanwhile I only use one
Bruh the fact that they liked their own reply shows how dumb they think they can get away with this for longer
@Caucasian Mapper DUDE THE RED WAVE IS TARGETING GEORGIA
Just make sure you store it on a well secure IP that you will never lose
Uh I transferred it to the main account by accident and I did that before and that caused the same thing
PoTenTiaL: Also nations like Falkland Islands, Luxembourg, Liechtenstein, etc are pretty high because of your influence
I hate to say this, but the age of resurrection heavily plays out all from me and Htsinotu’s rampage over everything Utonish does although I did a much better job than he did. Meanwhile the Age of the Community is more of everyone else catching up meanwhile me and Htsinotu falling on our influence and thus more action is happening and a full fledged community is born in me and Htsinotu’s place.
RO: Yes Nigeria has passed 10k likes, that was easy
That dudes operation on Botswana to convert them red
And you two can work on figuring out how to host it
It’s just as hard as rewriting history so that no one knows what actually happened.
Réunion is now the fastest growing French Dependency only behind France itself but Zimbabwe with their rival is now the fourth fastest growing country in Africa
3k more likes already for Georgia! We are off to a good start
Btw update your bot name to “FNO is OVERWEENING BOT voting sg” before you speak to me again here in this server
I know he’s in pain all the time but this is not what he should be thinking about right now
I’m grateful to see Kuala Lumpur dominating over Singapore
Also if your wondering why the whole country section of the idle vote is green, that’s because of AIFA, AIFA fought a war with the reds and won
@Caucasian Mapper Please don't talk bad about my heritage
Let’s go! No one has disliked it yet, but that may change.
Japan has made it to 158th place since the last update and they have passed their first AIFA member
The gap between Indonesia and Singapore is now at its lowest in all of documented history
Nah that’s a fake account, otherwise he’d be calling out Singapore and Nigeria
That just extends your duration of voting but not disadvantaging others
Yes and even if you had more than Nigeria you would still be struggling to get at least 1 spot ahead
Although I’m much more worse because I took over the idle vote as AIFA, let’s just say that was a bad idea because the Red Wave took most of my time away from the live streams
I mean technically Belarus counts even though Marta did most of the work
But as I stated I plan on pushing you all after my Nigeria goal is done and you all will probably pass Niger anyway
It’s the final quest that will complete the NIFA comeback.
RO: If we see ourselves again then they would try to escape as like we did
No but if you dislike any country period, AIFA will counter it
Yeah I’m happy to see @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 @Caucasian and @Karotten as our new Admins for the month despite all the drama! I wish you guys all the best in your term this month and I will always be here if any of yall need help. Once again thanks again to yall and I wish you guys the best!
If they somehow repeat what I did in 5 months then they'll get me in red
Actually one of my friends in Band are interested in the same thing as you! Improving Transit here in the SF Bay Area! I
Hey ChatVoteCombo, you guys are basically like us on the ChatVote lol
We will always miss the old days, but there’s always more to experience tomorrow. You can make the best out of it, or the worst out of it. But in the end, if you are satisfied with something, that will bring you back to that charm again.
Peru is 14th but with the ongoing rivalry between all three nations that could change
Just face the fact that we’re allied together with a bunch of other countries and we have a common interest
But I still have a response he said to my compliment
Both China and Canada are expected to reach Top 1 and 2 respectively on this weeks recap
Falkland Islands is now second in South America in terms of growth only behind Brazil!
Expect Nigeria to be much higher on this list tomorrow or Saturday
Just wait until your mind is met with the Great Meme reset
Well yeah and he’s taken better approaches to banning
My fucking head hurts, my life is in ruins and all I hear from you is “You are breaking the treaty”
And for the first time I’m gonna do my daily report
Canada has effectively won this event gaining the most amount of points out of any country
Well if you use multiple accounts at once legitimately, that’s cheating
### Hardware Variety and Price Range: Android Offers More Options\n\nAndroid powers smartphones from many different manufacturers, which results in a wide range of devices to choose from at various price points. Whether someone is looking for a budget-friendly phone or a premium flagship device, Android has something to offer. This makes Android more accessible to people around the world and allows users to pick a device that suits their specific needs—whether that’s camera quality, battery life, or screen size.\n\nOn the other hand, iPhones are only manufactured by Apple and come in fewer models, typically with a higher starting price. While iPhones are renowned for their build quality and performance, they can be prohibitively expensive for many consumers. This limited variety can be a disadvantage for users who don’t want or need the high-end features (or high-end price) that Apple delivers.
Sure people can create accounts and all that but you’ll need to verify yourself in order to create more accounts
I just fell asleep so I ended up forgetting to do multiple things yesterday
History of Chat Vote has been updated with recent recap
Since you have broken the Indonesian-Singaporean alliance, I officially announce that our goal on the chat vote is to bring down Indonesia and make Singapore number 1! #SINGAPORENUMBER1
Like your hearing this from the very guy that runs the operation like who even would risk their life to vote for 24/7 to get 1T points in a week?
Where you can vote all original 250 without supervision over higher governments
Just create an =IS_BOT function to indicate whether or not an item is botted
Or North Takeover in the context of talking about the North
Until I had nothing left but what I had started with
I agree with this statement. No more admin perms, just simply being a member is all I care about.
A Chinese takeover?? https://youtube.com/shorts/-9EZFXCoi_M?si=jynlI0a_9lK7EEUK
By that time, actually you should vote them if you really want that to happen
It’s fine he will understand better, just for now leave him alone
NIFA might be suspending operations if the stream comes back, but we will still be countering purges in growth if some people have bad intentions like the Red Wave does
For the amount of times you can move to brand account
11/1 - The CAC sends an ultimatum to the SAC and refuses
@Nova 2016 2018 You should probably vote 60 on Norfolk now💀
Anything Utonish makes, people are gonna take advantage over and make it unfair
I do expect there to be red insurgencies on the future
NIGERIA HAS PASSED 100K VOTES! THEY ARE NOW THE SECOND NATION AFTER HONDURAS TO PASS 100K!
But when you make a recap, make sure to add the legal points when you find the percentage
The reason why is because you changed Germany's like count like 2 years ago and Nigeria's a year ago and you forgot to remove the likes from the total.
Just note: I’m better than you in every way possible so even if you pass Vietnam, the Country section, or even my combo, I’m always better than you in every way possible and there is no way you can stop my expansion. This is only the start.
WEEKLY TOP CHATVOTE COUNTRY RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/5jxeCDvfPjA?si=fg0M1RDiLdw2Eaa0
https://tenor.com/view/hodl-excited-meme-gif-826298192750497504
Tf why does Discord think @Caucasian Mapper is a spammer lmao
## 6. :down:(-1)🇧🇷*Brazil*\n💚 **123,592** \n:fire4:**+ 2,630** `#13`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n1. **Rio de Janeiro**\n❤️45,729\n2. **São Paulo**\n❤️43,257\n3. **Distrito Federal**\n❤️7,416\n4. **Amazonas**\n❤️3,708\n5. **Rio Grande do Norte**\n❤️3,090\n6. **Rio Grande do Sul**\n❤️2,472\n7. **Bahia**\n❤️1,854\n8. **Acre**\n❤️1,730\n9. **Mato Grosso**\n❤️1,545\n10. **Mato Grosso do Sul**\n❤️1,483\n\n## 7. 🇬🇧*United Kingdom*\n❤️ **98,315** \n:fire3: **+ 2,403** `#19`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n1. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿**England**\n❤️76,686\n2. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿**Scotland**\n❤️15,730\n3. 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁷󠁬󠁳󠁿**Wales**\n❤️4,916\n4. **Northern Ireland**\n❤️983\n\n## 8. 🇰🇷*South Korea*\n💚 **95,240** \n:fire7: **+ 4,823** `#2`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n1. **경기도**\n❤️47,620\n2. **제주특별자치도**\n❤️12,381\n3. **전라남도**\n❤️9,524\n4. **경상남도**\n❤️6,667\n5. **경상북도**\n❤️5,714\n6. **충청남도**\n❤️4,762\n7. **강원특별자치도**\n❤️3,810\n8. **전북특별자치도**\n❤️2,857\n9. **충청북도**\n❤️1,905\n\n## 9. 🇫🇷*France*\n💚 **90,237** \n:fire3: **+ 2,131** `#27`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n1. **Île-de-France**\n❤️51,435\n2. **Midi-Pyrénées**\n❤️4,602\n3. **Haute-Normandie**\n❤️4,512\n4. **Basse-Normandie**\n❤️3,609\n5. **Bretagne**\n❤️3,158\n6. **Lorraine**\n❤️2,933\n7. **Champagne-Ardenne**\n❤️2,707\n8. **Corse**\n❤️2,211\n9. **Bourgogne**\n❤️2,030\n10. **Languedoc-Roussillon**\n❤️1,579\n\n## 10. :up:(+1)🇪🇸*Spain*\n💚 **82,276** \n:fire3: **+ 2,021** `#30`\n__**Points Coverage:**__\n1. **Catalonia**\n❤️39,492\n2. **Madrid**\n❤️12,341\n3. **Aragon**\n❤️8,228\n4. **Galicia**\n❤️6,582\n5. **Valencia**\n❤️4,114\n6. **Andalusia**\n❤️3,291\n7. **Basque Country**\n❤️2,551\n8. **Asturias**\n❤️2,468\n9. **Castile and León**\n❤️2,057\n10. **Navarre**\n❤️288
Yeah they deserved it after all the beating PAP done on them
I might come back to revive the Alliance later on this year
6/14- Half of NAFA’s force is focused on continuing the growth of the like count of green countries meanwhile the other is focused on removing the final red wave countries
отлично, у меня было то же самое, особенно с моим дядей, он сегодня очень капризничал.
No if they can somehow get passed Nigeria then I’ll be super flabbergasted
I mean why not, they haven’t gotten a single vote in like 6 or 7 months
I know I said NIFA would stop supporting Japan, but recently their convoy has stopped voting Japan as I might of expected and the dislikes are still going up, so we are still supporting Japan but not as much as we used to, but still pushing back the dislikers. So until they come back will be slowly supporting Japan
@Caucasian Mapper Singapore is gonna pass Georgia soon
The Kitten's lives are more important than making a stupid report
In comparison to the Utonish logo I think it looks better
CEC is a country alliance, not a political party like Chispa’s
Alright let’s talk about the recent recap. So if some people have already seen, the Algerian bot has began voting two countries which includes Algeria and Réunion. Because of this it may seem that Algeria this week in the recap has declined in votes since 2 weeks ago. Well they began voting Réunion and now Réunion is rapidly gaining pointing and they are 7th fastest growing in the idle chat vote. Now combining both Algeria and Réunion’s votes this week, that means the Algerian bot managed to vote over 25k votes this week which is more than what the Singapore bot managed to gain this week which was 21k. So at this point we might need to start worrying about Algerian bot too.
Yeah unfortunately there’s nothing we can do but just follow it
It must of been real stressful seeing your friends fight each other
This month will be remembered for an eternity to come
This is the only beginning of the **Redemption Arc**
RO: Your right, that looks just like their glitch bombs
Since October is here, why not bring back the dark ages lmao
Well show me the same thing and I will show you the same thing
PoTenTiaL told me to tell @Caucasian Mapper to do it
It’s like what did I do wrong, and what did he do right
Ok I will not vote anymore today if you think it’s infringing on your friends
Ive had many fictional universes, but the Alternate Utonish universe is now by far my best one.
And they are projected to gain more than Indonesia two weeks in a row if Algeria continues growing fast
No I mean other peoples combos on the ComboVote, sorry but I sent this in the wrong channel
https://tenor.com/view/everyone-ping-everyone-fail-at-everyone-everyone-huge-fail-everyone-fails-ping-gif-21366472
And now I that I think about, I should of just took a break from the combo when I was in desperate times instead of discovering this exploit
I’m actually very surprised Vietnam managed to survive the night
Utonish in 100 years: GalaticFriendSeeSpaceinFrenchinIdleAskTo122ChatVote
So you know when Germany some how got 1.4M likes in like 6 hours
2 Weeks in a row NIFA has defeated the Red Wave! https://youtube.com/shorts/1D_W27n1mRE?si=pz0QtCZG6YrDqA_K
Dude I’m being for real, you might need to move to Kazakhstan or something bro. If Russia keeps getting worse you may need to move out of Russia completely. I hate to say that to you Daniel, but it’s gonna get worse.
Starting tomorrow, the formation of ACS(African Cooperative Structure) will be initiated.
Idk how maybe it was effort but man did I suffer getting like 20-30k per day which in hours was like 4k
You can still somehow get them in the Top 20 if you wanted too
Alright I’m tired from all this I actually don’t care what happens to the chat vote after a few months.
Ok I think I know how to do the Medals now without messing up
There we go, Nigeria 4.7T points, the final 100B has begun
If you vote them more than what Nigeria gets than you’ll pass them in 2-3 years
The only people that have done Stage 3 is me and Karotten although Karotten did it with a program
Again if @Karotten Can somehow find out what that is, we will be able to get in
Today, South Georgia Islands becomes an observer state to NIFA. This further angers Argentina.
With the countries growing increasingly fast I don’t think any ComboVote country will be able to
If you can beat me on both I will call that a victory on your part
Man maybe we can create a Rebirth contest if rebirths got added to the idle chat vote lol
Indonesia ended up winning the first battle and caused botting to become widespread
Fun fact: It’s actually much easier to grow a combo on the ComboVote than the ChatVoteCombo because you don’t get shadowed on the ComboVote
They might be an old generation country like Bosnia but they will play a big role in shaping the new order of the Top 20 as we know it
And that’s double what PAP managed to get on Singapore last week
Yeah I know, NIFA really hates dislikes so if you dislike a nation and we find out, your bid for ACS and NIFA integration will be discarded
I CAN VOTE WHOEVER THE FUCK I WANT AND YOU BETTER NOT TELL ME WHO TO VOTE
Singapore has beaten Algeria in their rivalry and is now 2nd!
# My Favorite Countries | Week 57 Preview\n1. 🇰🇷 South Korea\n2. 🇺🇸 United States\n3. 🇻🇳 Vietnam\n4. 🇮🇳 India\n5. 🇵🇭 Philippines\n6. 🇨🇳 China\n7. 🇪🇸 Spain\n8. 🇧🇷 Brazil\n9. 🇲🇽 Mexico\n10. 🇳🇿New Zealand
Probably the most powerful being the world has ever seen
Without further ado I will start another attack on Israel so hopefully will bring Israel back above where it was again
So there’s one more thing I have to do before I’m truly gone
Ok guys don't tell me to fight them because I have no time to
Wait but what about NIFA, they would need to stop being an observer state to form
Let’s not forget that VPNs are also banned so whenever you use a VPN, the site will glitch out and send you back to the present for higher taxes
I think that Nova and GCAT needs a permanent break from me tbh. So yes I believe that this will age well.
I haven’t even been the combo since like it first came out bruh
Damn we American complain about that weather but yall are fine about it lol
Well one thing for certain is FAVORITE COUNTRIES WEEK 21 is coming tomorrow!
How about post your favorite countries recap in #deleted-channel for now
Just stating facts, not crashing out for dumb reasons. But I agree with your statement👍
Well usually it takes a certain process to usually join NIFA like for example contributing to NIFA operations, helping ACS members, and of course being apart of ACS, and to join ACS you need to become an observer state and observe whether it will be their best interest to join
Although France is probably gonna continue growing too
NIFA: Sorry but you have been blocked by Utonish for hacking
Make sure to log your favorite countries for this week! #deleted-channel
But still you are under the protection of this alliance if you do come back
Since he’s not a mapper, that means he should be called “Caucasian Non-Mapper”
Karotten and maybe Hsinotu and other potential coders as said will be the Coders of GCAT
AIFA has yet won another battle. Israel’s growth has gone up to almost 300k since last week and still going! AIFA isn’t gonna stop until the red wave gives up. Soon AIFA will be targeting Japan and other countries with Red wave activities
Like my favorite country besides the US, China, ive heard of rumors of China but I didn't confirm until 2020
Today, NIFA has officially launched its first operation outside of the country section. With the help of OECD, NIFA is targeting the Language section due to a recent surge of red on the section.
Yep and he just wants a simple platform where nothing can go wrong and just maintaining the stability
If you do vote the Philippines, just be careful you don’t get yourself banned because Utonish hates when multiple people vote at once. If you do get banned let me know
Well I mean it’s an easy fix, all Utonish gotta do is make the font smaller
Germany 1.5T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/DPd3eaDsbew?si=OqHra6Q_Iw-lt79Y
2025: Age of the Community\n2026: Age of Development
But I also like Vietnam too since im half Vietnamese
You guys can view the idle vote recap early! https://youtube.com/shorts/Q48GEviWxR0?si=xjyI9qw6wyxgWr39
You don’t remember all of the bad names you called us?
The earth begins reverting back to what it was before the war
Then I won't have to worry about competition anymore with VPN botters
And now I can begin my true mission which is supporting you all
That’s why I feel like this. The red wave. They are too powerful.
Just a bit more testing and it will go online later today or tomorrow l
So even with all that? I still didn’t get imprisoned…
Now there are 5 items on the ComboVote with over 1K
Oh in case you want to see, I unfortunately deleted his petition
And just continue to prioritize my Philippines operation on the combo
We wanna be supported by the public for ending a war against bots
Theoretically you can get 12,960-14,400 per day without breaking and it’s always running
We gotta keep the consistent growth in order to achieve our goal
One more thing, @Bayu I’m doing this for you, I know people are gonna disagree with this too, but I appreciate your effort in making Indonesia great for so many weeks. I am honestly grateful to see high up on the board. I love you Indonesia. 🇮🇩❤️🇺🇸
Ability or being able to do something. That’s the true me
There’s was a whole battle between them and Indonesia awhile ago
Well Germany is gonna pass you anyway so what’s the point in even resisting Niger
We tried to stop the Red Advance in Israel but they continued advancing in other countries
*Turkey was unstoppable and kept pushing PAP back despite PAP having the advantage sometimes*
I broke Article II of the amendment so I deserve punishment
Well im probably gonna retire this month anyway if I lose
But I would later switch to Algeria as you can see in the same photo
ChatVoteCombo = Impossible\nChatVote = 100% Possible
Im pretty sure he even said that Lee was the leader of their group
Of course he wants to have a reason to make us seem like bad people lmao
NIFA stands for Nigerian International Federal Association/Alliance
I’m still wrapping my head around all of this combo stuff, but to this day it’s still seems like a dream. Like how did we end up here.
RO: DTM said we would discover Atlantis in 2027 which means… the aliens are alive?
No more dwelling over the worst over and over again, and instead bring change and impact
Yeah that’s sad, maybe you should do one really quick
But in Georgia(US State) their probably wondering who tf Russia is
Then we will spin a wheel that contains every country on the idle vote. Whoever it lands on will become the next leader even if it’s outside of NIFA
Population of the world in the “Third Global Superpower Scenario”, 2050
NIGERIA HAS PASSED PERU! NOW THEY ARE IN THE TOP 10!
And by the time Japan reaches negative again, it will probably be another year until then
8/21 - Tensions rise between the American Empire and NAFA
https://tenor.com/view/discord-ping-discord-ping-pings-mass-ping-gif-2196332929166408226
It’s like that “ha” guy right that votes every country below 61st
The way that Utonish made combos was unfair to begin with. Because once people get a higher combo, people won’t be able to catch up to them and then when Utonish begins to ban them, it’s like there’s no point anymore in grinding combos.
Because eventually computers and robots are gonna take over not just Utonish, but the whole internet with the rise of AI. So let this be an example to the internet that we can make things work without any real assistance, and this is all done with your pure dedication to it.
*In Lagos, Nigeria, 2027, the final hymn blows for the AIFA Federation*
This is my only hope at this point to reclaim my influence
And unless you want to start another revolution against my operations go ahead.
They were the ones to start it off so I believe they deserve it
Ohio's memes may not be funny, but they don't deserve to be red
The amount of liminality I’ve been experiencing these past couple days is insane.
But I just had to be stupid and get rid of their status
# SHE DOESNT DESERVE TO BE HERE ANYMORE, AND I WILL KILL TO GET RID OF HER IF I CATCH HER AGAIN
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=d-mil6_-Oco&si=cagSfOmOLiDwTQKa
Like bạn is pronounced somewhat like “Bang” in English
Thats so sus how the dislike count on the country section has slowed down significantly since NIFA won against them in July
Screw it we’re voting Nigeria and DR Congo since their the closest to Singapore and Canada
But eventually people will realize the shadiness of Utonish and will quit too
Nah bro I haven’t used these servers in a long time that they no longer work, so I gotta fix them and I hopefully will start an offense maybe by Friday or Saturday
Cool and all but man do you have other things to do?
United States, China, Algeria, Singapore, and Reunion
Hello guys here’s my Spotify Wrapped if yall are curious
I might start to support Türkiye if it comes down to it
That power doesn’t come from nowhere, it comes from the effort you put in
Yeah back then there were a lot more Vietnamese voters
The reason why last Friday was fun because that day I felt free. Because it was an exception. And in the past few days sort of, but it’s just today I’m back to that square 1 again.
They are 200k away from being the first country ever to pass 2M likes
Yeah for pretty much all of idle vote history, Russia has been declining
Umm well they aren't even in the Top 20 of the weekly idle vote recaps unfortunately
Dude and as I said that, Israel now invades Lebanon.
Sorry guys but like Chispa I will have to do it...'
You may not understand anything we present to you but at least acknowledge us and we will acknowledge you. Stop with this nonsense and we will not be like this to you.
1M votes is my ultimate goal and I’m not gonna stop until I reach it
But then I realized I needed an actual server to make it work
But feel free to add any goals your willing to complete by January and I will update the progress of them every Sunday and Wednesday
I don’t like the ongoing situation happening between Christians and Muslims in Nigeria so that’s why my opinions them have changed
https://tenor.com/view/yes-ma%27am-joe-zoe-saldana-special-ops-lioness-yes-madam-gif-15776754219785326316
Like I said we’re currently focusing on ourselves and once we get a consistent growth will support the rest of the idle vote
I promise to y’all right now, I will stop voting Nigeria once they reach 10T Points and 1M votes like I originally stated and I will not under any circumstances go any further unless you guys allow me to.
And players with no rebirths would stay at the bottom
And even if I get reset to 900 I will continue to comeback
RO: Btw how did social media even become a thing in the first place. It was like a way to communicate right?
So it all comes back to what I said to Chispa awhile ago in our show off
https://tenor.com/view/party-hard-time-spongebob-meme-gif-15751489739978842310
Weekly IdleChatVote Recap! https://youtu.be/hQTqq0ipZD4?si=blmgiF9SSc1o3JYv
Like if it was supposed to 7800 they would vote 7790 until it’s 7800
So basically we are unifying the growth and power lists together
But the points on the chat vote are correct you don't need to change that
And the icing on the cake was seeing the Philippines at it’s highest point, all of which was done legally
The dislikes are approaching Vietnam’s like count. If they pass Vietnam’s like count, then the red wave might be strong enough to crush Vietnam
@Caucasian Mapper Its ok because im gonna keep annoying you heheheh
Ý tôi là mọi chuyện không nhất thiết phải như vậy. Tôi làm điều đó vì muốn cuộc sống tốt đẹp hơn, chứ không phải vì người khác. Tôi đã ở trong một hoàn cảnh khó khăn, và tôi làm điều đó vì lý do đó.
AIFA hasn’t been voting although AIFA will be begin voting maybe next week
Will find out but mango wants to be treasurer, me as PR, you as lead developer/secretary, and the rest will be up to whoever gets elected
True, theres also never such thing as eternal peace since its just gonna get broken eventually
Ofc Türkiye uses multiple combos so it’s heavily unfair for the ComboVote users
Damn bro over a game… If the US was red and I was voting them often I wouldn’t care because it’s just a game bro.
All presentations have been updated with the latest recap!
Don’t let the things around you prevent you from being who you are
Nope that’s not my girlfriend. Plus my real girlfriend doesn’t even have an Instagram
So if you think your better than Luis or even Me to that matter then go ahead😀
Nigeria passes Indonesia! https://youtube.com/shorts/WO3cRsXew70?si=pEDHLgQpv69MoZpp
Singapore is soon to become the second most voted nation on the chat vote tomorrow surpassing Vietnam!
You create an account like that and then say it’s you
Looks like Cambodia needs another government change
I know you guys don’t like botting but it’s the only option for us to go through at this point
History of cheating in the Utonish Universe be like since 2021:
Just as long as I’m following Utonish’s rules it will be fine with him!
At the rate Nigeria is growing, I expect Nigeria to hopefully pass Israel by Monday
Here are the fastest growing on the IdleVote currently after the end of the war against the Red Wave. (No one really cares though)\n#1 Nigeria 450,046 per second\n#2 Spain 426,103 per second\n#3 India 355,936 per second\n#4 Niger 348,621 per second\n#5 Guinea 319,127 per second\n#6 Benin 285,464 per second\n#7 Antarctica 270,842 per second\n#8 United States 236,382 per second\n#9 Indonesia 235,159 per second\n#10 *Botswana* 213,750 per second
I should probably get this diagnosed if it continues
Weekly Chat Vote Country Recap by Utonish! https://youtube.com/shorts/DEPNFMwrM04?si=cMWUyYF0pgFcyk_R
I just miss the good old days of democracy on the idle vote
I’ll try to maybe start a new combo but let’s hope the Red wave doesn’t return
Will see in one year, cuz a lot will change by then😀
So basically it works like this, I created another column in mine, (and I know yours might be different from mine, but it should work the same with yours), and I made it into a boolean, and I created a function in which checks whether or not that boolean is TRUE, or FALSE, and if its TRUE, then the function doesn't display a 🤖 , but its false then it does. @Daniel the Great 🇷🇺
On the last one Tamil cinema somehow gained 136M views in a day💀
Also yes I’ve realized that they are now voting Réunion for some reason
RO: Although, NIFA reported it could of been dormant nuclear weapon
I think it was right after I stopped voting Algeria
PHILIPPINES IS THE FOURTH COUNTRY TO PASS 10B POINTS!🔥🔥 @userdev_
Đôi khi điều đó khá kỳ lạ vì tôi được trải nghiệm rất nhiều điều khác nhau, nhưng đồng thời tôi cũng có thể cảm thấy nhàm chán với điều đó.
Well make sure it doesn’t end up turning like the chat vote
Ongoing Presidential Campaigns:\n\nNiger: Vows for the support of the Four Corners Project in Northeast Africa which is organized by them and vows to support further African integration.\n\nFalkland Islands and South Georgia Islands: They are the leaders of the brand new the movement of neo-South-American society and they hope to establish new and more powerful South American states that will pass Brazil and Peru on the idle vote country section\n\nBotswana: They hope for further Federalism among all AIFA states and to hopefully establish a full on federation.
Because even I do, I imagine Utonish is gonna find out and ban every single one of them
It’s actually insane how long Botswana remained #1 for
So expect to see less likes being gained but enough to counter the dislikes
However he’s only in charge of collecting money for GCAT so if he has to collect money from other members or fundraise or some shit then yeah that’s his duty
Also I’m busy working on the idle vote recap so all I’m gonna say is that PAP ain’t that relevant if Utonish is blocking their votes
I said “Not until I finish with my main goal” “Then I would support you guys”
Well my most favorite continent of all time is Asia, and least favorite is Oceania
So thats a total of 7200 likes per day, its the bare minimum but thats more than what the red wave could do
For letting the damn red wave do its thing for 3.5 years
Yeah Niue and Benin have an interesting rivalry since 2023 and Togo later joined during AIFA’s hiatus
# NOW TWO TIMEZONES HAVE FALLEN TO THE ALMIGHTY 2026
I’ve once voted on 4 accounts at the same time on the Chat Vote
Fix your grammar and I will vote yes, but still use no AI.
Bayu might of been slained but a new threat had become the ultimate villain of the Utonish universe
https://tenor.com/view/quipville-quipville-admins-when-discord-ping-pings-gif-23673747
Both factions of consolidated to Nigeria luckily for now
Falklands might be able to gain 30k if you continue voting them like crazy
Singapore would probably of fell out of the Top 60 and I would of moved on from it entirely
That’s actually a rough calculation on how to figure out people’s combos
So in my point of view it’s cheating and it allows for people gain an insane advantage on your live streams
@Utonish I’ve had an idea where each time it updates you can make it so the number points turns green on an item then turns back to white which gains points and turns red then back to white whenever it loses points. And then white is when an item doesn’t gain points.
For now we can do American Empire but most of my effort will be focused on the US itself, you can do the others
4/13 - Utonish escapes from Japan due to new authoritarian laws being introduced into their country
ChatVote Predictions but its based off of votes(Old Data): https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/16738137/
You know what screw you. Your organization doesn’t mean anything. Your effort to dislike everything is waste of time. If you think this will give you something in life, it’s more damnation. You may succeed in your operation but in the end you will not get anything out of it other then more damnation. To cause more destruction, and more atrocities. I’m warning you right now. If you and your group or whatever continues this, you are not gonna get anything out of it. It’s just a waste of time and everyone is only gonna hate you for this. Sure you don’t care about it because all you care about is death and destruction. But you will not get any closer to anything in life.
@Caucasian Mapper if you don't respond im not gonna give you an explanation
Idk how India and Israel would get some many votes but I guess it’s due to the sponsorship Utonish got last year before WW3 began
Starting with the hardest countries and then working your way up to the easiest to get 1B
Djibouti be like: We bouta pass Falkland Islands with this one
But for Algeria and Reunion I used an autoclicker which is why it only got to like “dz50” before resetting to “dz1
Of course the idle vote is gaining way more votes but yet we are losing in terms of gained points
So yeah you already have the CDU unless you want to somehow make CEC a political party too???
@Denis It’s either a yes or no. Do you want me to support Romania or do you want everyone’s opinion to continue changing when your inactive
Well if Switzerland does turn red, let Alps take care of them
Oh yeah and since Israel is close to turning red again, I will vote them as well
Your gonna make me crash out again and I’m gonna go through another episode of rage
RO: Let’s make sure the Time Machine works before we go
What was once NIFA’s biggest defeats has now become NIFA’s biggest success stories
Even as far as band is concerned, I basically clean the room when everyone is gone, like putting the chairs and stands away, erasing the whiteboard, updating the whiteboard, etc. But then its like people don't care about it and ends up redoing all of my work as if my work wasn't enough. And its a constant feedback loop that I have noticed. I don't know what I do wrong but it's like because of that, my presence isn't accepted no matter what I do.
Look I don’t wanna crash out again so if you dare add him here, I will just leave to prevent another crash out incident here.
2025, AIFA will establish under control red countries on the idle vote but under the conditions that they aren’t allowed to be supported by the Red Wave
Well get ready because SG is abouta explode pass 1T Points
I have just lost all of my Philippines combos, again
Really? Try using a different browser and maybe try a VPN(Without cheating of course)
Umm, I just realized that the idle vote is actually growing slower than the idle chat vote????
I mean it’s just a lot of work on my computer and it could probably crash with the technique I’m using
When I play in the band, I try to remain calm and composed.
Ok for Romania to pass Indonesia, it will take approximately 107 days if @Denis continues to gain 30B points per day
With that in 12 months that will be enough to beat Indonesia’s yearly record
Denis no offense but you should create your own alliance because the future of Utonish depends on influence, not only getting the top country
4/9 - ADP combined reaches 14M likes on the idle vote
However the fact that I have to log on every 5 or 6 hours to change the set up is a bit annoying, so I’m still working on solutions to fix that
Unfortunately things do come to an end eventually. But this month was by far the best month in idle vote history! https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1FNDBMqa5mEVgiApb7AOjfZBZBrfXe7-1?usp=drive_link
But a few led to a new one but didn’t go through to the server
No I was planning on adding a F- Section but because there are so many countries I didn't add them yet
Nigeria 4.2T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/ggtZpkt8yNs?si=g-QIdKb-hQilg5gp
And @Tquik and other Turks ≠ People’s Action Party of Singapore
*The loop would continue until the very day they were tried*
NEW BATTLE, GREECE VS NIGERIA RECAP DAY 1 | THE BATTLE FOR 2T
Yeah I wish to see Tbilisi one day but PoTenTiaL prevents me from going
I like to see it as a surprise, not an expectation, so let’s let him work on this and he can release it when he’s ready.
But luckily I have gained more likes than they have gained dislikes, in fact I gained more within a week than they did
EVERYWHERE I TAKE A STEP I END UP GETTING JUMPED ON BECAUSE IM SIMPLY DOING MY JOB
And that punishment is not being able to count on the #🔢◄𝖢𝗈𝗎𝗇𝗍𝗂𝗇𝗀►🔢
*AE and RO would eventually be tried of it so much*
Along with @Nova 2016 2018 and @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺
That means now the gap between Singapore and Indonesia is only 1.4T
That means they have about 1/6 the amount of points Singapore does
The same person who supports Nigeria and all types of shit
Btw the daily stuff is not from yesterday but from the previous snapshot you made on the wayback machine
However one problem continues to plague my efforts. I need to fucking fix my sleeping schedule…
Probably Utonish saw our stories about time traveling in Utonish and decided to time travel it to our timeline lol
THE FIRST COUNTRY TO DO SO EVER ON IN IDLEVOTE HISTORY
Because you know what, I once said “I respect Turkish Domination of the Combo”
# GUYS JUST QUIT VOTING ALREADY, ITS NOT WORTH WASTING ANYMORE TIME
But you gotta promise me that South Korea will have consistent growth
us-ca I don't really asked you for help, Im just stating how I feel
Everglow is probably best when you get the feeling when you see your country doing well
The Turks are 10k away from becoming the First Nation to pass 100k votes!
I know Utonish deep inside wants to reset but he just wants to continue it for as long as possible before even his own computer implodes from all the stress of every live stream he has running and all the counters he’s recording and like people imagine, Utonish will probably seize existing before 2030 most likely
Wdym I just came back from Jogging around Lake Merced
You dirty dog, you just want to continue wasting my time. Keep it going
I feel bad for all the people that have to deal with everyday government actions that can often bring them in the equation. I hope that one day that will change and better prioritize the people rather than political disagreements.
Again that’s fine with me, I deserved it, and I also respect your choice.
https://youtube.com/shorts/n2N8SJrKCuk?si=-AIBfT9bJXfsLl4P
Well then don’t make it so it’s negative them unless there’s a better reason to
Right, but you guys still haven’t said what you were gonna do. It’s not necessary for change at the moment, but what’s important is what you guys want to do in this term.
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 I’m sorry. I actually think I know what you mean now
I will do that despite them not being in the Top 20
You can copy and paste values infinitely while Botting which allows you to use high numbers when voting
Also congratulations to Romania for becoming the 11th country to pass 1T points
So if you don’t consider it as cheating I’m fine with it
Because almost no one has met your level of experience
But I hate to break it to you all, Nigeria is the fastest growing item again....
I’m happy to announce that AIFA is expanding its capacity starting this week!
Us what? I had my crash out during that time, I didn’t mean it😭
RO: But we learned from our mistakes to never use it
@Halau This where Botswana was at the beginning of the year
There are probably multiple factions involved which are active simultaneously right now
Right, Chispa, you better take that into consideration or else I will completely exclude them from the list like Singapore
Actually that’s true, but even with that, his automated systems will immediately detect botting and ban people for him since it’s happened to me before the stream even began
But that’s better than like 20% on the IdleChatVote
Also Most of the Baltics below Top 60💀 Caucasian would of killed me
I mean in terms of my favorite recap there’s obviously a winner
Pretty soon, Utonish will be able to identify the people behind the screen and ban them too
But let’s not get so pessimistic as we have won and NIFA now rules
Also DTM is one of the og members. But I guess he made the server actually fun when someone was messing around like Benyi
And the Utonish update on the combo didn’t really help with anything. It only motivated me to continue doing the wrong thing instead of making up for my mistakes. With TW long gone, I had lost complete hope for returning to the combo legitimately as I said before, and when you combine all of that together, that is how we end up here with the Philippines over 500k and Singapore over 140k.
And BE WARE, IT WILL ALWAYS TRANSPORT YOU TO A RANDOM UNIVERSE
This has nothing to do with you @iu mãi VN-A615 this has everything to do with your god damn friend Danto. He does everything to make me mad on the chat vote and quit for good, and I’m not in for that shit anymore
BENYI AND TW ARE MOTHERFUCKERS THAT DESERVE TO ROT IN HELL. I HATE THEM\n# I HATE THEM
I think your combo would grow exponentially depending on how much you vote and then those points would be applied to the country your voting idk but I think that’s how it would work
Slow punches but each punch makes a tiny bit of progress
Oh yeah then it’s gonna require you to manipulate all 80 items
And you have to promise me you are not gonna use AI for anything else ever again
You can theoretically pass Israel and not get nerfed but double or triple that can probably get them nerfed
I have updated every history visualization on Flourish!
I not really sure what to say about that. A whole team???
@Utonish Will you release data from the ComboVote like you do with the other live streams? It would be interesting to do
I just don’t know what to say about this. I’m happy that Bilip gets what he wants and deserves.
If you do your recap I’ll will convince PoTenTiaL to go to Georgia
Algeria was already 4th when you were about to pass Türkiye
I mean Türkiye isn’t even a New Generation member, so I support Chile
But you said you hated Niger which is the leader of AIFA
Actually the guy that voted Switzerland said something about that first
Our next target is Saint Vincent which is 200m points away
LIKE STOP BRINGING UP MY PAST STUFF, THIS IS THE PRESENT
Ok that’s it I’m gonna have to do something about that
Idk why you think it otherwise so just do that for now on. You already have 540K and 380K.
Ok lucky that 50 dislikes barely did a dent to my points
You know you’re not gonna get far in life when you continue to be like this
Japan because they somehow managed to push back the red wave from their without NIFA support but NIFA managed to convert them green in the end\
Just boy oh boy the “IDLE CHAT VOTE COUNTRY” doesn’t have to be so big lol
The whole Chat Vote part of the Utonish Universe is protected by this alliance
I think that’s why you cannot fix that W is because your a minor @Caucasian Mapper
So in that regard\n# Congratulations to our new Admins of the month\n@Karotten \n@Caucasian \n@Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪
Ah ok I was gonna have a heart attack if he said Top 2. I had a lot going on so.
You set up a program that you can make it so you can copy and paste numbers and make it increase each time you vote and let’s just say it’s complicated
Like literally half a human could be born on average
I’ll add that to my list but don’t expect me to do it right away
And once they get Vietnam to 1K they are gonna go for Norfolk next
The question I have is which one is me cuz I cannot tell lol
But the days after that was a complete free fall back to where I was before that week. The loop strikes again it seems.
This is really the only time Utonish has token action on a country
Well CEC is of course a regional alliance. Unlike AIFA which is global
@Caucasian Mapper I respect the decisions that you are taking, I hope you succeed wherever you go to in the future and I hope one day that you live up to whatever you want to be.
Well in that case, you can very well be a good treasurer Mango
Can I ask, how do you record daily data so quickly without wasting so much time on it, or in simple words how do you record daily data?
Even my first vote on the IdleChatVote ever was botted
In fact I justified my Nigeria operation on the chat vote for Remi and I still do
@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish@Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish @Utonish
If you don’t do it, it means you are too lazy to succeed in life
** # 🚨⚠️  PoTenTiaL’s statement: withdrawing from election** \n\nI will unfortunately be withdrawing from the GCAT elections, HOWEVER, the Democratic Party of the GCAT will still be running however I will let Jackie run the party until next elections in September. It’s just you know, I’ve got a lot of things happening lately and I need to give myself a bit of a break. Especially with my quest to find a breakthrough on some stupid game, I will also be pausing that until September since School is starting back up soon. So with that being said, I won’t be running in the next elections and I will officially pass the Democratic Party Torch to @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 and I hope that we still win the nomination. Thank you once again everyone for understanding.\n\nBy your Incumbent Admin @·༻Khả❀Năng༺· \n8th August, 2025 2:24 UTC\n\n(Also no I won’t be leaving the server like I did the first time)
Whenever the Turks are ready to strike, it’s gonna hurt for real
If they keep attacking other nations we need to be awake for it
The only time I can see this happening is if someone prioritizes your section like you do and mass dislikes at the same pace you do
They somehow got them to 2.1M while I wasn’t looking
And in that case I will pass Indonesia probably by our break which is in June
The Combo Idea as a whole is really good because it only gives people an advantage when they actually vote rather than VPN/Alt their way to the top. Whatever Utonish was thinking in this case, he’s a genius.
History of the Chat Vote is updated! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/16172513/
Stay tuned for History of Türkiye on the Combo video tomorrow
I will multiply points by 1% if you vote on the ChatVote, and 2% on the IdleChatVote and IdleVote
Only the Venezuelan one seems to affected by this certain purge let me check
I AM DONE WITH EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOU WHO IS DISGRACEFUL AGAINST NIGERIA
Or just make it up on Friday because you have three days to prepare for the next week
Although it sucks that the most dominant force on the chat votes is botting and alting
THE US HAS PASSED 900K LIKES! They are now growing at a rate of 700k per second
So the more time they don’t vote the weaker they get towards me
I don’t hate that you support Islamic Supremacy, but why do it on the most dead platform☠️
It might not be as important as say Singapore vs Indonesia but it’s getting a ton of attention right now
Because obviously you cannot say you want Top 1 on the ChatVote as Chile before the end of January, like wtf💀
@DTM Can you do the same thing to maybe figure out when Utonish posted the first IdleViewVote Daily Report short, since he either unlisted it or deleted since I cannot find it on any Wayback Machine screenshot of his
It’s kind of weird but the chat vote is actually winning when it comes to votes. But the chat vote loses when it comes to points.
I invested my time in ridiculous things just to gain an advantage in the voting scene and that all came crashing down on my mental too
Alternative Future of the Utonish Universe Recap Day 3 | May 11th 2032\n\nThe Appalachian Republic Collapses into\n\n1. Commune of Greater Virginia\n2. Greater New York\n3. New England\n\nDue to OFN’s inability to supply North America with aid after the end of WW4, North America faces serious shortages in supplies and many states face severe instability which could spell disaster for other neighboring states in America.
I only got 300 votes yesterday, oh well. I have better times😀
It’s like lately the Utonish universe has been dying
Singapore is now the 2nd most voted nation on the chat vote!
And that will be enough time to vote and then increase the tally by 1
Yeah I think Utonish should reset the Idle vote and then live stream it
I know it’s hard to believe but Caucasian actually made it work
But obviously yall can't vote as much as I can, so nevertheless its still good
We all have our differences sometimes, but in the end that cannot go away but we all at least agree “in the end” we are all humankind
Dang I thought the Ukrainian guy looked like a Pakistani
We are approaching the final 100B before passing Indonesia, this is it, there’s no turning back now for Indonesia
Ok well the exception is that we can use AI for inspiration
I’m very proud of you @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 You just don’t understand what this means for me and the others. We went from being a dysfunctional society where only two dominated for bad reasons to becoming a successful example to others. This achievement will be remembered in every history book of Utonish. Unlike before where achievements meant nothing to anyone because most of the time it was done artificially and everyone expected them to happen. But here we live today where we have seen them done by true dedication and pure determination towards something that means a lot to the person doing it. Congratulations once again Daniel. This is a sign to keep going.
Dislikes are the same as it is now so you don't need to change that
Because Antarctica wants to pass Nigeria so badly, I’m gonna show them what it means to compete
And If I dare to use 100 servers than my whole computer would probably explode like the Fat Man bomb
And yeah I can see that being the unfair part of it
I haven’t gained a single Subscriber in like 2 months☠️
The idle vote is already a lost cause to the red wave, so if don't want that to happen to the chat vote or idle chat vote or even combo, we need to stop all of this cheating now, or else thats whats gonna happen in the upcoming years and soon the combo will be completely unplayable
Fun Fact: Nigeria is the only country now growing faster than every section excluding the country section of course
Nope don’t start your 140000000000000000002 argument with me please it’s Kha Nang…
So to make it up I will be botting **Temporarily** for 1 day to at least get some of it back but I will be back to legitimate voting later today
Now they did some shit in Vietnam they shouldn't of done
Once Japan makes it past 0, they will skyrocket faster than France did which holds the record for most gained ranks in a day
But if AIFA continues to put this off for any longer, this could spell disaster for Alabama and its 2T points
Jackie is a good candidate and I hope he does well for the server
Bosmium. You have absolutely no brain at this point. You are only fueled against what people say. Just dislike Vietnam at this point.
Remember it’s not just me and @Karotten you can have your say and will support you
Well technically Pakistan belongs in South Asia but ok
Noice now maybe crop the flag a little so the text is in the center
Because you support Falkland Islands. Also we might add Sierra Leone next.
So both can hold the title for their respective section
Hey y’all I know it may seem like a bad thing, but I am going to bot on the combo today because I’m extremely busy with FAME Chapter 2 right now, so in case your wondering why I’m not responding, that’s why. Sorry for the inconvenience with that, but I’ll be back to normal voting tomorrow!
@userdev_ I think I got it now! I will votes Philippines again soon!
Bayu should probably criticize his own voters because they are bots too
My status as Utonish dominator has ended awhile ago so don’t expect me to come back after this update
Added Nigeria for the Combo since that’s the first country I voted on the combo
You can move YouTube channels from different brand accounts which allows people to gain more than 800 votes a day
Alright enough chatting with myself and I guess I’ll leave for now.
But basically we have all been in a scandal for a year now all because of Novas corruption and selfishness
I still can’t believe I managed to get Israel to gain 60k likes in one day
Another thing to point out is the soon to be created East African Federation
Well that’s because my servers shut down and they managed to become red again
The largest nation right now is the Tibet Convention which the most technologically advanced country currently
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap by Utonish! https://youtube.com/shorts/506BaDmOiOc?si=yhJdwyZSP8KkBRse
Since I fucking forgot to take the screenshot at 21:00 UTC
India is officially the third Asian country to pass 1M likes after Japan and Israel and is the 6th country ever to pass 1M. There are now 4 countries over 1M likes
I had this discussion with Caucasian about the same thing
They were the real ones at the start and were always
In fact I know your real intentions, you now hate me because, like PAP, I can bot, but that’s not what defines me. What defines me is I can listen to the community, unlike PAP. That’s why I have you guys a break. Because I care about you guys. If I didn’t, Nigeria would already be at like 100T points and I would continue to bot and bot and bot, and I wouldn’t be supporting the New Order. I would just be myself and I would be the most selfish person alive.
Until I find a reason to make the server active again, it will be like that for a long time
Yeah good point it will be harder for them to come back
Just keep liking all the countries that have a high dislike count
Also when I’m done you guys can do whatever you want with the placements
We were the big two in terms of most influence we had in the early-mid times of Utonish
I’m sorry that it has to end this way @userdev_ but I hope for the best of Philippines in the future. A future which doesn’t include supernatural interference and all legitimacy. I wish you the best of luck friend.
And as you know in the Alternate Future, they do come back as the RWA(Red Wave Association)
They are even share the same pact together along with the Philippines
🚨BREAKING NEWS🚨Now the mysterious force of which is disliking every single country on the Idlevote has now began operations on pushing every country to 10k dislikes, at this point over 80% of the Idle vote is screwed and whoever stands below 10k likes will fall to the mysterious red force. Also Israel has unfortunately fallen below 1k growth and will soon fall to the red as well. Good luck idlevote it’s matter of time before the entire site falls.
Oh yeah right hold up I’ll make one that you can edit
I’ve got it through creating a bunch of channels and this is how it should look like
Get them hooked by making it seem like it’s a normal voting platform and then out of nowhere Utonish throws curveballs at you and now your PAP which hates the system and wants to exploit it. Then you try to redeem yourself and give Utonish another chance but he strikes back and makes you expose yourself to the world of all the supposed “crimes” you committed. Finally you becomes the Philippines voter and then you realize that you weren’t all that terrible and instead it was that very channel you saw on Day 1 and who made you get into their trick, and was the villain all along, who had just wasted almost your whole life on and created a whole anime story about it. Crazy story gotta say.
Also will add Abkhazia and South Ossetia to the Click Vote😱😱🔥🔥
But it will only come at the price of the Combo being destroyed
Maybe you could be right since the points are adjusted to fit that vote/growth count
Actually the Idle Vote has double the growth rate but because of the constant updates on the idle vote, it prevents half of the growth which makes it about tied with the idle chat vote
Although if they vote for a long time then Utonish will definitely suspect that
Well I only helped Vietnam but not supported them from the ground up
No im talking about in our fantasy where there was AE VS NIFA
Project DIFA or DIFA is the NIFA equivalent on the idle chat vote runned by NIFA
OFFICIAL THUMBNAIL FOR TOMORROW’S CHAT VOTE COMBO VIDEO
Welp maybe I might of did all the work lmao. My good guys!
That means there are now 2 countries over 1M likes and Israel is now the 4th ever country to reach 1M
The red wave knows they can’t win with the more disliked countries, so their targeting lesser disliked countries to catch NIFA off guard
Lol I made it up since I don’t know how to say “abstain”
He has pushed away our own allies, and tariffed the fuck out of everyone and then allied himself to Putin like who does that?
Ethiopia and Morocco are my favorite African nations now
This may be a bit controversal but I will be reincluding Singapore with all of its points and votes since its out of the Top 60 on the combo now.
Nigeria 2.8T Points https://youtube.com/shorts/Z73eMYFIs2M?si=CapjGL6ysDWqImTn
If you guys can do 2K a day, you guys should pass Singapore by the end of the year
And as for Daniel, he also agreed with the decision to disqualify you, and therefore the whole mod team agreed to disqualify you.
But if it’s not an autoclicker, and it uses TinyTask or anything other than an autoclicker that’s still considered bad
I mean go ahead and do your own thing because I’m done with this
*China slows down as PAP sees no hope in rivaling Canada again*
If your referring to me then no one could be like me who gained 2M+ votes on all the live streams combined, which is like 2x what Bilip has done
Technically Utonish can prevent you from voting any country he wants so he can ban you from voting for example Russia, and every time you put RU it won’t show up but if you vote for example Greece then it will show up
So they are technically the 2nd country to be banned after Israel
# TO ALL NEW ORDER MEMBERS, \nWHEN YOU ALL HAVE TIME, WE NEED TO LOCK IN AND GET OUR COUNTRIES HIGHER IN THE TOP 20! WE WILL HAVE A SHORT BREAK IN THE BEGINNING OF APRIL AND MAY AND WE WILL FULLY BREAK IN JUNE!
We gotta get Saint Barthélemy back above France before they pass them in the future
If you don’t like it then just don’t bother messing with that
I’ve already lost so just keep transferring like an idoit like you and keep going at it with your old ways.
Not to upset @bilip blop and his hard work, I might
@iu mãi VN-A615 I’m gonna tell you one last time, change that account from Singapore to something else
And I guess their next goal is to pass Cyprus in votes!
Although who remembers when China dominated the IdleVote
No, he faked it because it’s against the law to hurt minors
Israel was a botter on the chat vote but not the original idle chat vote
For some reason this song is a vibe when voting on here https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=IP2EDHRHPiI&si=1ia59vVB69_A0q2_
After I finish Vietnam and Romania I will vote Israel
Alr at 1:30 I’ll start the main Base TERRA and countering dislikes operations
But my point is, is everywhere is experiencing no action except for Nigeria
So for right now if we choose option 2 we have to focus getting OECD countries above the negative
So we are trying to see how Atlantis looks like after WW3 since we teleported Aliens to Atlantis in 2027
I mean, if it comes down to it, like our country is in a really bad place, I may have to.
I end up going crazy against everyone. And I do eventually find myself in the right place and the right time
If he does it one more time I’m gonna become **BAYU 3.0**
But once this era is over, the changes will only resume again
Ok drama happening when I’m not around… interesting
He did it with Germany and even after so long Nigeria
But how do you make it so it shows what fire to add on the right?
Bro I swear if Utonish adds the old music back, I will stop everything I’m doing right now, and I will vote 1k normally everyday until Nigeria passes Singapore
And you @Karotten You will lead the foundation to making that possible.
Also Roberto is just the Spanish translation of Robert
@Caucasian Please read all of this carefully and don’t think of saying anything bad about me or anyone here.
Hey. @Benyi Pratam Thanks for supporting my botting on Singapore
And there’s an ongoing rivalry between Vietnam and the US and this is us flashbacks to a certain period long ago.
Because like last time when I added the Anti-War Russian Flag, I pretty much became a fool with it
I mean that was one of NIFA’s external operations. But I simply don’t have the time.
Well hopefully he doesn't know that in an hour his combos are gonna get reset
Then the very next day, NIFA has turned Liberia Red and it marks the first ever country to turn Red ever since the end of the Red Wave
Your the one that started this whole war in the first place
They will probably pass 500B by the end of this month if you continue voting them
Yeah then Utonish had to reset it and then the dislikes started to become a problem
Once I help NBA crush Abdul(Legitimately) that’s probably the last thing I’ll do on the combo forever
Im currently reworking the IdleChatVote Points Report since it will just be the same thing every week💀
But we have never gone close to making an actual functional live stream like those two have
I see so we have new contenders coming up the board
Well my mom was from Ho Chi Minh City back when it was known as Saigon, the capital of ROV, so yes my mom is originally from ROV
Poor Georgia, I wish this day never came but I guess its time for Nigeria to repass Georgia.
3/16 - The EU also reports strange transmissions coming from their western coast
With more alliances popping up we can dethrone Singapore many times over
To everyone viewing this, you can join Project FAME and get early access to it, although once Sunday reaches we will reset the votes
As they accidentally messed up and forgot to delete it☠️
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=qY1g3Qq0w0w&si=o-qaFXf6O7j4s0af
Oh that was a project I was working on but kinda lost track of it. I plan to release it next year though
And im not saying im leaving the idle vote yet, im just saying its gonna come to that point soon
First edit in a while https://youtube.com/shorts/3nlT0rmEMlg?si=PzLKTItfQei702cT
So when you capture the monthly you just capture a screenshot at the end of each month and use that to create a spreadsheet like me and daniel does, and that will be used in creating the reports the you see. And yeah thats the process
Tiếng Việt của tôi có lẽ không tốt, đó là lý do tại sao.💀
It’s just another dude who is so selfish and can’t accept facts.
@Running for next elections @Nova 2016 2018 will help and assist you guys here if any of you guys need help with anything mod/admin related!
And then as you all know, December comes and this is where things completely change for Singapore as PAP would come out of nowhere and completely change the Chat Vote and Idle Chat Vote in the matter of half a year.
NIFA Absolutely killed it for three months in a row
Thanks to you I have also made an all time legitimate voting record on the IdleChatVote Vote as well
I can't even do a simple operation anymore without any criticism.
When I mentioned the Chinese Population he had a lot of bad things to say about them so yeah
One more attack and they might fully equal Vietnam’s power
And this is the highest poll I’ve seen in favor of Donald Trump
OUT NOW! https://youtu.be/VEaquJB79sU?si=aKB8Nv7x8ZVxJQhn
ALL PREVIOUS NEW ORDER MEMBERS WILL BE ADDED TO THIS NEW ALLIANCE
RO: Good work, in case of an emergency we will use it but let’s not repeat the same mistakes we did in WW3
Also Utonish is releasing things earlier and earlier
You got 3 weeks, if you don’t change your ways and stop using TinyTask, and over using your power, then welcome to hell once again.
They have had a big impact on the community as of late so go ahead and add them if you want
So my hopes are still in Singapore but good luck Bayu
But… I promise I’ll be back on the last and final live stream that Utonish makes in 2026 which will end my career entirely.
Hopefully this doesn’t turn into a problem for AIFA
Then don’t define all of them over just a select few people.
Seeing everyone go against you for something you cherish
Well they and BL were French Departments so it doesn’t matter
AIFA is temporarily suspending its operation on the IdleChatVote until the Israel situation is resolved
But don’t ask me if you lose your combo because I warned you
We were kinda made to be rivals since that start lol. Ever since Singapore began to rise in 2024 you wanted to challenge me but always failed. This time you finally got your goal and I’m happy for you.
Not having potential or whatever, but having the ability to do things right
Bruh did our country just ban Hymn for the Weekend??
Yeah yeah but at least he was making sure you were doing it
No not that, I hate the fact that this is on the GCAT server like before
I liked Nigeria before but now I like them even more now that Singapore is off my supporting list
RO: Remember we talked about it in the general channel of the server
Are you sure about that? I disintigrated him four times. One on Idle Vote, Twice on Chat Vote, and once on IdleChatVote.
So now I have to go against that very country just because of how much he ruined it
If I had an airstrike from Hezbullah, I would use it on them
Ok the good thing is that it’s only one country, and not every single country
4th would be Southern Africa because they are experiencing civil unrest to
@Caucasian Mapper What you think about this channel? https://youtu.be/eja4t6twiD0?si=nCvjIP_FeIy5j1xQ
Bro go back to your life please and stop terrorizing our server.
The only countries I’ve been supporting is the US, Japan, and Sri Lanka
And I think in November I voted Singapore ahead of Algeria and into 6th place from the request of that guy, I forgot who he was, and I got them even ahead of the US for a short awhile as well
I just add points to it to show how much I actually like the countries, and lifetime is the sum of all the weeks combined since 2015
What I am not voting Malaysia bro what ya talking about?
Hopefully the last country to reach 0 will be in 2025
I said Consistency >>> Alts however\nBots >>> Consistency >>> Alts
Another NIFA Victory! The language section is fully green!
The last time my account got ultimate shadowed, it lasted for a week and a half
And the world is once again stable again after the end of WW4 and with the end of the Solar Schizophrenic Outbreak, the world experiences an unprecedented peace everywhere as everyone celebrates the beginning of a new era for Humanity.
In fact you know what, I’ll push a whole combo to 40k or more just for Sweden
But I like CVC1 and CVC2 since CVC2 came from CVC1 but the web version of it
Well they were previously targeting multiple countries
Well you should create a sort in which you can sort most likes or dislikes
Apparently Singaporeans are no longer protesting against Indonesia
The final round which will define my legacy on the combo
I just took their points from the recaps and that’s how I made the presentation
And the Swiss didn’t tell me to stop because I actively supported them
Tuvalu is the new leader of Oceania in this scenario
So I predict that Germany is gonna end this week with first so I congratulate you @Karotten for being able to make this possible!
Yeah, but our operations are currently being disrupted by Israel gaining a bunch of dislikes
You don’t need to join this chaos if you don’t want
Nigeria was now the fourth highest in Africa behind Guinea, Tanzania and Botswana
Maybe they might actually have α team but I wouldn’t know
Maybe it won’t happen again, for at least another year or so
Israel vs Romania🔥 https://youtube.com/shorts/Ih2xADZ3zS0?si=wES23McdKWC69NkS
@Nova 2016 2018 \n# THIS IS WHAT YOU HAVE TURNED MY FRIEND INTO
That isn’t Trumplican, and can actually be suitable to run
WEEKLY CHAT VOTE RECAP: https://youtube.com/shorts/tglXARqrItQ?si=-k7e1qAbKz6zDnpA
@Caucasian Mapper @karavase @Videomaker 🇧🇦 @Caucasian Mapper I’m officially disbanding the New Order
Yup it’s official guys, I like Hungary more than Romania
Like for instance when I was PAP, it was so easy to do. But nowadays thinking of that just seems so out of the ordinary now
PoTenTiaL: I saw something weird before seeing this which is kind of sketchy but anyway
The fact that this was 2 weeks before Nigeria would do the same thing
I swear you better not reset it again if I come back
And this too https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=wbeucefo_ew&si=tE7WvIBtIyPIW5x5
Idk why the Singaporeans are against Vietnam now lol
If we kept voting a lot then we could of gotten into the Top 60
@Karotten Because he’s the only one that has access to the data
# Important Announcement\n\nI will be reducing the amount of votes I give to the Philippines only 6-8k votes a day since it’s been really chewing away at my sleeping time recently growing over 10k+ a day. And as Caucasian said “Sleep More, Vote Less”
I do the daily, @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 does Weekly and you can do monthly
By the end of this year, the Philippines should have around 1M which is the last major goal I hope to accomplish on the Combo.
Yeah I remember, trying to compete with the top 10 to me back then was impossible for me
But for me I have set the record for most votes ever on Utonish
So now I need to do this for all of my lost combos and I will be fully recovered
Oh yeah btw I will be going on a 4 hour grind quest with the Philippines today to make up for Today and Yesterday
Although Togo and Benin have became more close since Togo joined AIFA
I FUCKING LOST EVERY COMBO OF MINE, And as I said, I’m now comboless
I cannot get rid of Singapore since the program I’m using won’t allow me to for some reason so yeah
Anyone surprised that good ol America would be 13th instead of 3rd
I WASNT PAYING ATTENTION TO YOUR MESSAGES AND YOU SAID I BOTTED
For now I’m just gonna transfer other combos and get them to higher numbers
Yeah and with Utonish continuing to ban me every time I voted, yeah I quit to
NBA is laughing in his seat right now. The Philippines is definitely gonna pass Indonesia soon.
Well I'm the only last remaining bastion of the site before the site gets covered in red
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 It was nice knowing you are my last moments here in the Utonish universe
I started with the US, then Algeria, and then Singapore to help this random guy out, and now to Nigeria where we are now
I mean why would he even be in this server if he’s most of the time inactive, it just doesn’t make sense
# Barbados be like:\nI used to rule the world,\nSeas would rise when I gave the word,\nNow in the morning I sleep alone,\nSweep the streets I used to own,
Hey, Vsauce! Michael here. Your home security is great! Or is it?
Yep that’s the past now. I have no more links to that anymore, nor do that I have anymore ties to the past
@Halau This is probably how top users in likes would probably look like
Most Ranks gained this week:\n1. Djibouti: 72(Gold Medal)\n2. Eritrea: 25(Sliver Medal)\n3. Belize: 19(Bronze Medal)
Dude are you crazy? Going against Utonish is not a priority right now. I was only mad at him for banning my accounts, but I forgave him simply because he did the right thing. Do you want to see more bots or do you want to see more legitimacy?
Once all of NAFA is back up to a consistant growth rate, we will focus on the rest of the country section specifically the red countries.
At least I care about you. You don’t seem to care about yourself don’t you?
Whenever you feel you coming back ill give you a warm welcoming
3/26 - With NIFA’s new housing technology, they begin to rebuild Rabat which will probably take a week or two
Why does everything have to rely on the past? I mean if it wasn’t for the past we wouldn’t be here but not everything for the future has to rely on the past
It’s better if you just step outside and touch some grass. It’s not that hard to do nowadays.
Don’t go onto the battlefield and rush making something that will die and shutdown easily without enough preparation.
For years I’ve suffered the same fate over and over again and I had to concede
Also to everyone who I talked to, I know I once said I hated Israel, but now that I think about it, I don’t hate them as much anymore, in fact I hope Israel reclaims Top 3 on the chat vote soon!
The top countries this year are really interesting but nevertheless is cool😀
I’m sorry for letting PoTenTiaL say that to you guys
Which comprises of Kenya, Tanzania, Uganda, Rwanda, Burundi, South Sudan, DR Congo and recently added Somalia.
Now they are growing at 24 votes per minute! At this rate they will be the first country to achieve 1k in less than an hour!
Why over Indonesia since isn’t that their main goal?
RO: Ok but the NAFA headquarters is about a couple miles away from where we are
Well I was gonna support Israel at first until I realized that one day that they started to gain dislikes like crazy and it wasn't worth it
History of the idle chat vote! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/17708137/
Because back then there was and still is a force known as the red wave who dislikes every country on the country section
Ok today I’m going to be releasing the first ever monthly idle vote recap!
Like I am a person who can vote over 10k+ votes in a day it’s just I don’t have the time to
So your the one that got Spain all the way to 540k likes when we came back about a month and a half ago?
With a bit of something known as photoshopping. Have you heard about it?
People figured out the formula before I could and I thus lost my grip over the combo in an instant.
In fact I am the true red wave based off of that video👍
*They don't care on how exhausted they get, because the Falklands continues voting daily and continues to rival both Canada and Brazil*
No they aren’t, just go to the website on desktop and click on the ones that are banned and it should take you to an appeal page
Alr nice well NIFA will most definitely support that
Let’s take a guess. Is it gonna be Tanzania or Cameroon as our first new member?
The ban on dislikes is only for the Country, OECD, and the US 50 States sections
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=fpUw52061Jk&si=pL7v0Z2yZrMffsIq I love the community.
I was just talking to people about in the politics channel of GCAT
We can use this channel as the headquarters since this channel is pretty much dead
That’s why I created so many accounts in the first place was to avoid being banned by Utonish
FIRST I GET DISRESPECTED BY UTONISH FOR A GOOD CAUSE
Well I’m trying to get PH to 1M votes on the Combo before the end of 2025 so yeah I’m definitely not gonna be on the CV lmao
Because there’s this cool thing known as Translation
# AND THE WHOLE SOCIETY WE LIVE IN WILL JUDGE ETHAT
Ok well no one cares too much about the chat vote but the point is that now they’re voting on both chat votes at the same time.
If Utonish can somehow do it with then i will be impressed
Singapore is officially where Indonesia was 12 Hours ago
AIFA will be completely disbanded(For real this time)
Yeah although I love South Korea, I don’t like his attitude all that much either
But unrealistic because Botswana would eventually become allies with AIFA
If your referring to the name Chad than it’s cá hồng
But unfortunately I don’t feel any urge to come back. I think yall deserve the eternal peace away from me and I have my peace already.
He’s the guy that botted Canada on the Idle Chat Vote
Your name is DanDTM, ofc you can pay up. You got more money than anyone does here from your Florida Dwelling Business.
@Denis Take your time you don’t have to join if you don’t want to, Have a great new years and I hope to visit Romania in the future!
Although it could be Chispa and then Karavase, but idk lol whatever you guys think too
Wait how tf did you get the fire values to do that based on the growth it outputs?
I’ve noticed a correlation with the Shadowban and the Transfer error
If we focus all AIFA power on Israel, Israel should gain around 32k likes a day
It can ban at least 1k accounts at once if it wanted to
I’m already in such a bad place and I end up becoming a \n\n“dictator” - one person said
Bayu back then complained back then about them Botting but since they are gone, we cannot really confirm if they did.
Alright here’s the deal for the idle vote scene, since my servers are in the process of being fixed, I’m going to try something else to try to reclaim my influence on the idle vote starting tomorrow
Alternative Future of the Utonish Universe Recap Day 2 | May 3rd 2032\n\nWith the decline of the OFN being clear across the globe, South American Nations take matters into their own hands to form a New Granada Federation on the basis of a common identity and language led by the one and only @Shut Up Maypi
And if you ever add a third one, add the Asian Defense Pact
Btw my cousin does still exist, and he will be voting Vietnam on the ClickVote in the meantime
If it were hard pleasure like it was back in the day, we wouldn’t be this desperate for things that can be done quickly
At this rate Utonish's channel has become the largest channel on YouTube with Japan being the most viewed video of all time
CHILE HAS ACHIEVED 1B POINTS!!!!!!!!!!!❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
Try to spam @Karotten so we can get his attention to the situation
If you are right about this, this can be game changing as every month, we get a more transfers and thus more growth in combo. Hehehe
I will unfortunately not release it today but, at least today, I got most of the work done. I promise, it will be out by tomorrow!
Once Nigeria passes Antarctica we will come back for real this time
I’m gonna make a voting Schedule like I did with my Combo Schedule back then
**BREAKING NEWS** Early Israel-Palestine Update\n45. :down2:(-22)🇮🇱*Israel*\n💔**31,238**\n👺**- 12,597**\n35. :up2:(+29)🇵🇸*Palestine*\n💛**34,402**\n:fire8:**+ 11,020**
Even harder then the SAT so good luck studying for one second
Yeah even your own brain doesn’t know how to comprehend facts
All I hope for at this point is finding the ultimate breakthrough
Don’t compare two completely different societies that have nothing to do with each other. The American people are American not Singaporean, just like how Singaporeans are Singaporeans, not Americans. We fought the British for complete different reasons. I know what your Country did to Malaysia when Lee made that Federation with Malaya, Sarawak, and Sabah. Your country tried to make a stronger country but you ended up failing and getting kicked out because of how selfish he was. So don’t come back to me saying that Americans gained independence for the same reasons Singapore did when that is complete bullshit false.
Damn are yall just mad at me for destroying Bilip in an argument? I’m sorry for acting that way I guess.
# Best Voters in the Utonish Universe | Week 2\n\n1. 🇻🇳 Khá Năng - 18,310 pts + 210 points\n2. 🇹🇷 Bilip Blop - 16,010 pts + 210 points\n3. 🇩🇪 Karrotten - 12,830 pts - 70 points\n4. 🇨🇱 Chispa - 8,810 pts + 210 points\n5. 🇵🇼 Bosmium - 8,710 pts + 210 points\n6. 🇨🇦 Boston - 7,830 pts - 70 points\n7. 🇪🇦 Tresparral (EsXX) - 7,770 pts + 170 points\n8. 🇮🇩 Bayu - 7,650 pts + 150 points\n9. 🇷🇺 Daniel the Great - 7,010 pts + 210 points\n10. 🇬🇪 Caucasian Mapper - 6,890 pts + 190 points\n11. 🇨🇦 Karavase - 6,890 pts + 190 points\n12. 🇨🇵 Maurice Larroutorrou - 6,510 pts + 210 points\n13. ⬆️🇩🇪 ThisIsGermany - 6,210 pts + 210 points\n14. ⬇️🇳🇬 Remi Ogunsuyi - 6,130  pts - 70 points\n15. 🇩🇿 Saara - 5,730 pts - 70 points\n16. 🇲🇾 Abdul - 5,600 pts + 100 points\n17. ⬆️🇨🇱 MatixxPlayz - 5,410 pts + 210 points\n17. ⬆️🇨🇿 Maypi the UwU - 5,290 pts + 190 points\n19. ⬇️🇵🇭 Userdev_ - 5,230 pts - 70 points\n20. ⬇️🇮🇩 CenterrayXP - 5,130  pts - 70 points
But idk it’s up to you since you created the daily recaps
@GCAT Citizen I want to announce that I will be officially retiring from the Combo starting today. It’s time to start a new age and start fresh. Not affected by constant fear, anxiety and anger. It’s time to start something new. But I will continue my Philippines Operation on the ChatVote soon which I will post reports on soon.
Idle chat vote it is then but either one is mine to me
So yeah I now follow Utonish's rule and yeah, now I can vote 5k again
Japan be like: I was born to be canceled but lived to be redeemed
The fourth fastest growing being Réunion which has a considerable gap between fifth being France.
Meanwhile Nigeria vs Indonesia will happen on June 23rd
Also sorry for not posting the other recaps since I’ve been busy on the idle vote!
Despite the slow growth, pretty much everyone including Indonesia has slowed down quite a bit since the release of the Idle Chat Vote. Also Singapore still gained around 10-20k this week!
And as I said, I was in the middle of the Nigeria operation and not PAP
Please stop spamming my dms and I will let you free
AIFA wasn't even around at that time. But yes AIFA does fear to this day neo-colonialism
Senegal, Guinea-Bissau, Cote D’Ivoire(Ivory Coast), Ghana, and Burkina Faso are now highlighted light green symbolizing their presence in the new West African Counsel which also consists of Guinea, Sierra Leone,  Mali, Niger, Nigeria, Benin, Togo and Cameroon.
The daily recaps will be posted on Roubaix2’s channel!
Please do not react or chat in the lists! Thank you!
Well that’s because I had a bigger impact than Romania, unlike Singapore, you guys didn’t get that much attention from that
Whenever you move to another brand account it removes your ban
They are voting pretty slow however so anyone can beat that
They are the 64th country on the chat vote to do so! Congratulations Falkland Islands!
There I got rid of your timeout, but please don't cause any drama especially on a brand new chapter
That’s insane India gained 600 dislikes since I slept
NBA will eventually lose his combo and Philippines will be cooked
I cannot I only have one channel and even that might get banned sooner or later
And if everyone wants Benyi back I’m fine with that
And if he makes a good one, I might feature it in the concert as a “secret” fourth option
After he lost his combo a while ago, he never was the same after that. I genuinely feel bad for him.
I can show you right now how you can recover your Australian Combo
Alright I might of token a little break yesterday but we are back to grinding today THIS WEEK MY GOAL IS PASS INDONESIA
Actually it will be based on region since there are so many subdivisions and it will take a longer time if I do subdivisions
You have to dislike China before they reach the Top 1 on the idle vote
Just a few hours later - Another 5.1 magnitude earthquake hits Rabat, Morocco(Within NIFA)
And for me, I voted Singapore, a nation which not a lot of people cared about before but will never forget
So what Karotten is saying about this might be true since I can nolonger vote on the Idle Vote anymore
Also you have access to all the data if you ever want to make an idle vote recap of your own
But don't worry, I stole the technology years ago and I have used that to my advantage to further bring upon destruction and havoc
Am I experiencing Deja Vu or something because I remember seeing something like this similar a while ago
Like I said I’m experimenting if I can get that growth possible
And the NAFA could be moved a just a tiny bit to the right
China is number 1 so that’s probably why people are fascinated on it
@Karotten I know I didn’t add any citations yet but what do you think?
And we really made a whole fantasy that China was first instead of Botswana
If your wondering what my second combo is at here ya go
Also I think I might know what caused the Transfer error
And then I actually enjoyed when I saw Singapore 6th because I did it legitimately
Lol whoever is disliking Vietnam has a very small combo
I swear every time I try to experiment with this thing, I always run into the same issue
Your lucky I still have my Georgia combo with me right now
@Nova 2016 2018 Fuck your community they can rot in hell.
Really? Did you do what I said which was creating a new channel. Because if you transfer it to anoter channel you have, theres maybe a chance that maybe you might of used it before and Utonish might of banned it. So be careful on what channel you transfer it to
Caucasian, you may not be in the best place, but I still wish you the best for whatever you choose to do in the future. Utonish is gonna die sooner or later so it’s about time we branch off of Utonish and move on to what we truly love. Right @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 ?
These disgusting beasts of the red wave shall perish
And once that’s done I will do as a stated and support the other new order members
PoTenTiaL: Oh wow thats great, now ill feel like I first started
# And I don’t care about your delusions anymore Bosmium. We tried but we failed so end of story.
They even went against themselves to prove that they aren’t the same. But who knows
And Utonish is working on those 12 hour black and white screen vids
Hopefully not MDM because they will find that in 1 second
@Nova 2016 2018 Make sure to add a “OFN Task Force” role to indicate who’s in the Task Force
Honestly if that was true, I would create a new idle vote and a live stream for it, and then immediately take it over as Poland
You might as well recruit Bayu and Linda to your side then
After Nigeria got eliminated yeah, I completely lost interest in it
@Karotten @Caucasian and @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 It’s been 3 days and nothing has happened or changed. So what’s up with that?
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I can finally transfer my Philippians channel again
Idk anymore if Ukraine still holds the highest daily record
PAP after securing number 1 began voting China again
Utonish was quite strict when it came to overviewing a country video
Still, I would consider it a problem if he does it for long periods of time every single day non stop
Indonesia is still 3rd Place this week thanks to Algeria!
@Nova 2016 2018 Since Caucasian left, can I take his spot as admin until we have elections?
That crazy but its even crazier if you compare it to the country sections growth of around 8-9M, so NIFA alone contributes 20-30% to the overall country sections growth
But now has turned into the greatest achievement of all time
Finally I have achieved a new best point record! GGs💯
But he might have some program like @Karotten made on the chat vote
What? Wdym? I mean of course I can still use the transfer exploit, but remember if this limit continues to persist, eventually all of my combos will be untransferable and I will lose them all if Utonish bans them
I have migrated the ChatVote-Country Point Growth History Since 2023 to the latest Visualization version https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24524219/
In 2027???\n1. 🇬🇪Caucasian Mapper\n2. 🇨🇱Chispa\n3. 🇹🇷Bilip Blop
Oh boy I actually cannot wait to do my daily list later
It’s actually happening, people are disliking Vietnam as I predicted
No but I mean like something that will actually solve the crisis
YouTube just straight up shadowbans you for 24 hours
Cmon, don't think of it as that. It's only the first day. You have many days after thst to improve!
I had and never had anything to do with your friends shenanigans.
I hope that I’ll be able to get Germany to 100M in a couple of hours
I have no intentions to rival the top 1 what so ever and you guys still somehow think im gonna repeat history. I have been doing this to leave my mark on the combo and to show what is "possible" since of course Bilip has already done it. Nobody can beat Bilip, and if I really wanted to repeat history, I would do it, but thats not what I want to do. As I said before I feel bad for Abdul because she is the only one who actually votes Malaysia everyday, but theres nothing I can do to actually make Malaysia greater in the process. I will try to help Turkiye, Russia and Malaysia if I have to, but I need to focus on what matters at the moment which is becoming the second country to pass 1M and not pass Turkiye. Afterwards I will probably reduce my activity on the combo by like 90% like I did before and that I will support other countries(Not to the extent of what I promised years ago, but at least something).
The difference here is it’s an “Owner” account which means this channel is the basically the “Owner’s” main channel of the whole account
Alr good, I will do DiscordVote-Country recap soon!
Algeria is number 2 with Algeria being 4th I think and Reunion being 7th or 8th
And Niger is a whole different subject, once I get that to 2T Points it’s all your guys territory
Every time I hear this song, I immediately think about my whole life in a nutshell on Utonish as a whole and before that. And then I think about the future and what that holds if I continue this Utonish streak
What????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????????
Yeah that would be cool because I hate having to face the Shadowban all the time
If you guys vote more I will consider you guys 6th and 7th
But I did it for a reason, he’s just doing it because he wants to be seen by us. That’s not cool
Bruh just pause the live stream so you wont get ads
Well Vietnam is almost at 100K likes so I’m definitely gonna go for that today
https://tenor.com/view/vomiting-vomit-drink-cup-gif-16036508
You can gain that cash but wtf are you gonna do with it? If you gonna act like this, you better not come back to me wondering what went wrong. I’m gonna tell you, you shouldn’t have made these decisions before, and unfortunately you won’t be able to go back on them. As for now Denis, I’m disappointed in you. You can throw all the insults you want at me, but it ain’t gonna do no good to your wellbeing Denis. Just please quit with this nonsense and move the fuck on bro. I know you have a good life ahead of you, and I just don’t want it to go wrong you know.
As of 2:37 PM in Japan, I officially declare as of April 30, 2024. After countless days of seeing the same country over and over again. After 1.5 years of waiting for α country to end their rule. This marks the beginning of α new era. Singapore comes on top and Indonesia for the first time since Vietnam has been dethroned number 1 and is now number 2.
@Nova 2016 2018 or @Karotten \n# GET RID OF IT NOW OR ELSE I WILL LEAVE THIS SERVER ALL TOGETHER
https://www.youtube.com/live/RM0M4KUmRDA?si=L3oTNzCeiuvvH15U
In fact, ANYONE HERE WHO CONTINUES TO VOTE ON UTONISH, CONSIDER ME YOUR WORST ENEMY. I’m not in for that shit anymore. Utonish is a money launderer and a fraud a**hole and I will not tolerate that in this community anymore.
Oh I see, you continued off of my picture and made it all about votes
Hey yall, I got sick again so I haven’t too active as of late. I will be sure it goes back to normal by tomorrow
Today I’m gonna dedicate my forces to the CV I want to vote VN and end the VN-ES war
He’s a type a guy that wants to dominate but not in a botting fashion
Ctrl V is so hard according to @Caucasian Mapper ☠️
I was planning on voting them but I guess I don't have to
Rules for Global Combo:\n1. Do Not send your email here! Send it in a Private Thread to me or any admin in this channel\n2. Let us know when you are using it by saying "Im Using the Global Combo for __ votes on -- country."
It’s time to live life like we’re supposed to and if you want to have influence, you gotta actually put the work in something that will make you recognizable, not some random voting live streams.
NIFA: Guess what, we also disabled to electricity of all 100 of your members
They even broke Indonesias previous records of 24k in a week
My territory is the French Southern Territories come visit it’s such a beautiful place and a lot of things to explore
But if Armenia and Israel continue to get voted I think 6th
But back then 1M likes was considered unfair so they got nerfed
I kind of just made the Red Wave an excuse to justify huge gains in dislikes
Singapore is officially the First Nation on the idle chat vote to pass 1T points
And yes that is indeed BRICS who is second place in the Country Groupings💀
So let’s see if the ComboVote can at least meet that threshold
Technically his banning system is a bot program because I tested it out awhile ago and his system was able to automatically ban my channels over and over again when I tried to breakthrough it
I made a slight mistake with the Falkland Islands they don’t have a Weekly Bronze Medal
AIFA’s goal is to bring democracy, not a full green section
And then in late 2023 I think they fell out of the Top 60
Doesn't matter I have his technology too and I could rewrite it over and over again, and my forces will continue to rip through and continue my assault on Utonish
Now technically I can do number 2 with number 3, but I don’t want to run into the same issue of transferring accounts and then having to wait 2 weeks to do it again
Α little throwback to when Tanzania was second in Africa in terms of points
Exactly that was my whole argument in the first place
Obviously using 2 or more accounts will allow you to break that and will probably result in your accounts getting banned
So ima just lay here until dawn comes and hopefully I pass out 🌙
Since Owner Elections are next Nova will be in Notable Persons section until we elect an owner
Sorry for the delay but we are waiting for Utonish’s recap and I’ll make the third day recap
In case any outsiders are wondering, Israel would basically be the UR • Cristiano of the chat vote
Actually Remi would like that idea since he basically is my alliance already
It’s ok just don’t do that again without an intention
I promise I won’t make you lose them, this 100% works
I mean look at me and Bosmium we are already above 2K and it’s only been one day
Yeah but as I said, I wanted to get higher and bigger numbers
This week is officially the Chat Votes best week ever recorded on recaps!
Ill do it after I finish making the Combo visualizations
But because they release them all at once, it’s enough to halt my and my allies offense for a short amount of time
Nope that will fail quickly because if its x^2 then yeah, it will already be done within 100 votes
Bro cmon, you cannot be serious right now. The only reason Singapore was number 1 was because of me. Now unless you want to be like me, have a reason to, not for some stupid recognition or something.
Yeah I like this, we will discuss more about this once we get the others to be here
Lets not even talk about how Boston managed to pass Singapore
Hey, it’s my thing, you just don’t understand the pain I have to go through with this community. You just want to push my buttons do you. I have to do this every fucking day and you expect me to run an operation that is completely pointless anyway. Don’t you dare say another word, or else I will scrap everything and completely ruin this entire community. Don’t make me start my villain arc.
Btw the VPN I use is disclosed because I don’t want another red wave to start
I mean yes I may haven’t voted in about a year now but even I could destroy Bayu if I had the right amount of time to do so
You be like; STOP LIKING NIGERIA AND LIKE SWEDEN MORE!!!!!
Just messed up to see people who see everything relying solely on political ideology and division.
Because I remember sending more than 800 messages and I waited 24 hours but it didn’t unban me until like 4 or 5 hours later
Now it’s the matter of someone doing the same thing Singapore did to discourage them in the future
RO: This is the beginning of something greater than just one
I feel more grateful as of lately, but I don't know how long this will last for
Any Red Wave folks that dare to bring the Red Wave back will be defeated
That would go to the Hakka language which is the fastest growing language on the language section and is the fastest growing item on the idle vote outside of the country section
But don't underestimate the growth because Nigeria managed to gain 4T since we first came back
I answered your question fool, but you kept pressing on and on about how badly you want an “apology” to for something I never did. You will never learn will ya
In my opinion, if both Kosovo and Serbia can negotiate things out, we wouldn’t have this issue
I tried to get Singapore to #20 but I eventually got tired
You need to be on chrome to since you can access the desktop version but it’s a pain in the ass anyway
# NEW ALLTIME LEGITIMATE VOTING RECORD REACHED🔥🔥\nToday I have managed to vote 8,000+ and counting voting all done legitimately and I actually managed to do 5k on the combo and 3k on the IdleChatVote.
All this fool cares about is his bitterness to the past
I will be posting a lot about AIFA in the idle vote channel
But in the end Israel lost all the growth and fell to 7th
Well the good thing is, you don’t need to worry about it
As I have said me and Karotten has bigger combos than Indonesia
But right now Singapore and Falklands along with Indonesia currently are gaining more votes than the whole chat vote combined
Bruh you literally passed Nigeria in votes when I wasn’t even active and I didn’t complain. Like why are you complaining when it comes to me? Our ultimate goal is to not rival each other but rather work together to pass Singapore. Remember that
After 5 months of declining. Syria has been reclaimed for the first time growing at a rate of 400 points per second.
I somehow copied SG by accident when I was editing the shorts and I forgot to copy NG
It’s not a lot but eventually that will turn into 100k
My current combo: 150\nMy highest *real* combo: 350\n\nMy hopes is that I can beat that soon and go beyond!
Including how great a country is in the Utonish universe
Now the US has taken over operations with Japan and Sri Lanka which they support very little to prevent a red conversion
Currently Armenia is beating Georgia and has raised the gap to 40,886,527,718 points! Without Georgian presence, they continue trailing behind.
RO: Yeah ok I can’t comprehend such universe like this
# THE RED WAVE HAS AN FOUND AN EXPLOIT AND YOU NEED TO FIX IT
Joe Biden? More like Joe Mama? I thought she said you would do your recap for me to see everyday on Sunday?
Just my accounts keep getting shadowbanned at random, so i gotta maintain my combos and ill keep going
# THIS IS LIKE THE 1,000 QUADRILLIONTH TIME I HAD TO TELL YOU
And I’ll let Germany pass Nigeria when I get Nigeria to 10T Points and 1M votes
@Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper @Caucasian Mapper
Whoops my bad Caucasian, I accidently set it to voting India rather than Philippines
The IdleChatVote is at an all time high since June of 2024 in terms of most gained votes and is only looking up from here
We want this to last for as long as possible right?
RO: The NIFA claims do align to something happening in the Atlantic Ocean. Also DTM did say that we would discover Atlantis in 2027
Dude just the scary thought that WW3 might be around the corner
Ok guys I can confirmed, the counting strategy works, but I will have to see what Utonish thinks about this first because thats 2400 votes in an hour and Utonish might ban one of my accounts in the process
Ah maybe we can still use a bear, but we could make it into the Utonish style
India is number 1 still right now but Nigeria will probably pass them in a month or two
This might be the beginning of the Third Dark Ages for me here.
Starting today I will be voting Algeria to 1T points and it should take me at least one day to do, but don’t worry I won’t pass Bosnia
Since I’ve been in the US for pretty much all my life
I don’t tolerate that type of behavior. You cannot justify politics for hating @iu mãi VN-A615 since he commented on hating Kosovo
Good thing I didn’t fall asleep because the dislikers would of disliked Vietnam anyway
Botswana is officially the first legitimate country in Africa to pass 1M likes
Btw I like how that bot voting Indonesia just keeps breaking the chat cooldown or in Bayu’s vocabulary “judge speed entering chat and entering spam chat”
@Utonish You should make a Combo Leaderboard showing who has the biggest combo. Although idk how you would actually do that.
Once Vietnam gets to 100M it’s actually game over. I’ve along with the Vietnamese have consolidated our power like Bilip has and that’s it.
And you have to do it fast so Utonish doesn’t have time to react
Believe me I had to struggle through hours of grinding on Brawl Stars sometimes and I went absolutely mental after that
RO: Like even that universe was like ours until later on even though we hallucinated
Not until I finish and I will bring my blessings to the new order
So if they don't get reset than i guess the whole idle vote truly is gonna fall to the red wave
When I of course accomplish my main goal which is passing Singapore, yes
Idle Chat Vote Projections to 2025 based off current vote numbers: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/17707738/
NIGERIA HAS PASSED 1M GROWTH FOR THE SECOND TIME!!!!!
**DO I NEED TO REPEAT MYSELF FOR THE 10TH TRILLIONTH TIME**
And they somehow have good tactics because by disliking Israel they think that I’m gonna get involved which will push me away from Nigeria which will give them an easy treat, but nope I am not falling for that, if Israel does go red, I’m gonna let them until I deal with you first
What are you gonna do about it? There’s gonna be more countries ahead of Indonesia next week I bet
I never thought I would hear such words like this on a messaging app
THATS WHAT I SAID, LIKE NOT EVERYTHING OF WHAT DEFINES A THIRD WORLD COUNTRY IS ABOUT BEING POOR AND IMPOVERISHED! LIKE CAUCASIAN CMON MAN, I KNOW NORWAY AND SWEDEN ARE COOL AND ALL BUT THATS NOT A REASON TO HATE THEM. \n\n# DO I HAVE TO REPEAT MYSELF TO YOU?
Anyway I won't be able to pass them for the next 2 or more years if you don't stop your combo
Indonesia might be the next nation to reach 10k votes!
Idk how we as GCAT can pull it off but I know with all of our knowledges combined we can make it work faster
Here’s the most forgotten part of the Utonish Universe
Russia 100,000 Votes https://youtube.com/shorts/JBQQp4ZOlYg?si=xSVp7B_Vce5koEn_
https://tenor.com/view/television-yes-girl-yes-girl-sparkle-gif-14852147
Well welcome back Karavase. I’m only focusing on the combo for now so don’t worry about me being on other live streams
NIGERIA 2.6T POINTS https://youtube.com/shorts/OnJSTRIjXmY?si=ZNaN3-w-E95UjAnI
Obviously the Americans are scared of me because they are alting
At least this time it will be a legitimate process rather than a cheating process that the Unknowns did
But I think Indonesia will slow down soon after iShowSpeeds east asia tour ends
https://tenor.com/view/leonardo-dicaprio-clapping-clap-applause-amazing-gif-1812735758324318601
** # 🚨⚠️  PoTenTiaLs statement: withdrawing from GCAT** \n\nThis is a hard decision to make, but I will officially be withdrawing from Admin status and GCAT as a whole.\n\nWith the ongoing controversy, I cannot take this anymore, and with this situation getting worse, I don’t see a future where I continue to participate in a corrupt system.\n\nI appreciate everyone’s support but my run here in GCAT is over now, and I will not return to GCAT ever again.\n\nBy @·༻Khả❀Năng༺· \n4th August, 2025 16:54 UTC
And Nigeria in that universe probably would of lost many combos which would spark the decline in June
I think\n1. Georgia(900k per second)\n2. Russia(850k per second)\n3. Japan(720k per second)\n4. Israel(719k per second)\n5. Nigeria(715k per second)\n6. Spain(630k per second\n7. India(550k per second)\n8. China(510k per second)\n9. Niger(500k per second)\n10. Guinea(470k per second)
Ok fine since you don’t want to imprison me, you asked for it
God you better not let Yemen into this discussion… because of their ongoing Botting operations everywhere.
Thats just my way of saying "Hey I like China more now"
But despite that I stole that attention from you guys
Thats great news, because it sure feels lonely here
Since well that flag is considered to be the official flag all across the globe
Are you just gonna quit all online activity or something?
Was it @𓄂𝙍𝙤‽⁰⁷ maybe since you guys along with DTM are the og ones
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Has also been sort of using this exploit too with the Slavic Brotherhood alliance
I’ll start with Vietnam since that’s who I promised I would support
I might as well depart this community once I finish Base TERRA phase one
It’s like no one wants Saint Barthélemy back to Top 60 lol
Then it will become BIFA instead since Botswana will have the fastest growth rate
That part was actually quite accurate because that’s what they actually did lol
Once she left, I became a fool again and botted the crap out of the Philippines out of frustration with her and I ended up passing them first(or second country I think) and I fell into the same rabbit hole again.
CONGRATS TO TÜRKIYE ON THE COMBO FOR PASSING CANADA ON THE IDLE CHAT VOTE IN MOST VOTES!
Because life is more important than anything else obviously
Unless for some reason I bot again but other than that, literally nothing to worry about
I mean of course there would have to be some sort of thing that’s required to rebirth like you have to wait a certain amount of time to rebirth or a certain amount of votes or points or a certain rank
Wow ok goodbye now. Good luck then on your Florida dwelling quest
Just vote how you normally vote and there will be no problem
It’s ok DTM, AIFA assures you if the India Voter or Antarctica voter or whatever somehow gets Botswana to red, AIFA will come to the rescue.
So there’s no way the red wave can destroy the capital of the whole alliance
@Caucasian Mapper let me know if there are any other countries that gained a lot of dislikes
But at least they(except Turkmenistan) are better than most other countries
3M votes might straight up be the most votes I have put in ever in a single voting operation(despite it being much easier to get votes).
I gotta continue on to reach my desired goal of completing the trilogy
# Khả Năng Botting Classification Scale(KNBC Scale)\nStage 0: Pure Legitimate Voting(No programs, autoclickers to assist voting)\nStage 0.25: Legitimate Voting + an Autoclicker for assist\nStage 0.5: Voting on Multiple accounts(Pure Legitimate Voting Style)\nStage 0.75: Voting on Multiple accounts(Stage 0.25 style)\nStage 1: One channel botting program\nStage 1.5: One channel botting program(Can automatically adapt to\nshadow banning)\nStage 2: Dual channel botting\nStage 2.5: More than 2 channel botting\nStage 3: Huge channel voting waves(Can be manually done or automated)\nStage 3.5: Huge channel voting waves(Fully automated)\nStage 4: Utonish bypasser Program(Can fully bypass anything)\nStage 5: Multiple bypasser Programs running at once
Japan converting to Red and falling all the way to 4th to last
Everyone is silent has they all look up to see that every country is at 0
It’s out now! https://youtu.be/QSf-lZQURnw?si=7W9BhKomL92xtNGX
So whenever you move to another IP you keep that combo but just on a different IP
And I will promise you all the support I guaranteed to you all awhile ago
Yeah plus what even is the point in subscribing to PAP
Oh boy it will never reset unless I exit the website
You will win in the end though because of my support
Yeah, that doesn't really need a server. It just needs commands and a live stream to work
And then Israel continues to attack Syria, because well what else can they do, Syria could potentially be against them
But if we can actually do it in a week that would be awesome
But yet the Singaporean account is still voting them?
#10 would probably be the cycle of bayuification where whoever tries to be better than Bayu becomes one themselves
No it’s a bear because I miss looked it as a bear lol.
I will move on from GCAT and rebuild my continue to improve my well being
Of course there were red countries but not “Red Wave countries”
It’s the 1k a year ago that Israel first Turned Red
I couldn’t stand watching Pakistan gain an advantage over a much more powerful country and I just had to do it
Sorry for a bad angle but this should be how it works
Oh yeah, with that power I will be able to close the gap by the end of today and maybe early tomorrow
Let’s keep the active streak going here on the server
Once the IdleChatVote came out, the chat vote basically died until our rampage came a year later
Honestly I don’t even know if this guy trusts me anymore
I’m here to make this place better and he’s only making my job harder
I just hope Humanity continues to grow and further colonize space in the future instead of scrolling on their phones all day with no intentions
There used to be the Japanese Convoy who recently left
Introducing a brand new alliance! The OFN(No not the OFN from TNO) but the **Organization of Free Nations of the Chat Vote**
Oh yeah speaking of fair, Georgia if I can get rid of the Antarctic non sense from Nigeria, and vote Georgia, I expect they will pass maybe Antarctica in total votes
One more thing, I will be releasing a public short recapping the most gained votes and points on my channel every week that will go more in depth for all live streams since Utonish doesn’t want to overload his shorts section with a bunch of short recaps.
Also @Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 I know you have probably used the exploit before too but like Maypi you haven’t used it that much so I’m not mad at you either
And it’s not because of School. I’m currently fighting Karavase on the idle chat vote so I won’t be voting on the combo until I finish this
He pingged over and over again so I had no choice but to enforce the rules on him and Karotten cuz I don’t want that happen again
Careful not to go broke in a foreign country because you’ll most likely not have enough money for the flight home and you’ll get stuck in that country
If they can maintain this Türkiye is actually cooked
Buts there’s one more war that I think people should pay attention to
They can get another country to 1M dislikes and it still won’t help
Also Russia has officially made it to the Top 20 fastest growing on the country section and idle vote!
Because remember the NIFA elections thing, Nigeria could be dethroned leader of NIFA and another NIFA country could take over
Also it’s kinda crazy how much your friend has been since you’ve been gone
@Caucasian Wait something is gonna happen to Georgia LOOK OUT! https://youtu.be/pF62kDtyhqw?si=_eBlp1VMqcE0IrHo
Fucking hate Israel being this high on the chat vote
Utonish used to stream it but ever since 2022 it’s never been streamed one time
Alr well ima get voting now or else im going to have to postpone the NIFA operations until tomorrow
How about that one time they got into the Top 50 or something and they got nerfed by Utonish?
Ok well nice talking with you again, keep all of that in mind and I will always be here for more.
But the Turks would join in a couple hours laters with like 6 alts
And believe me, this is all done by me along with some from a couple other people
8/26 - Nigeria reaches 1M likes for the second time
No one wants to talk because I’m the bad guy. Uh great here we go again…
Saint Lucia is a distance away of about 400m+ points
And I don’t wanna hear anymore jokes. Nova could end up being the leader for life or end up killing this community. And what’s for certain is that I’m never coming back.
They are going after everyone in the original Base TERRA alliance
Alr then ill vote 700 on another account legitimately  real quick and ill come back tomorrow
If @Karotten is able to get in then he will be able to get a code from there for us to enter
Which includes South Korea, US, India, and Philippines
If you do something suspicious YouTube will shadowban that video
It’s just this gut wrenching feeling when your progress goes to waste because of some country like say Chile seems immortal when you who has always been the number 1 most influential person on the site loses. It’s a terrible feeling. But I don’t wanna let this feeling overwhelm me again and make me go insane. It’s basically the loop in a nutshell I guess.
Actually despite the ongoing MrBeast controversy, MrBeast Chinese will continue to grow since China won’t know about the controversy
I accomplished my goal and now I want to see the light of day to others
Pushing back Vietnam as much as possible to prevent them from getting 100M points
Tomorrow I will make our version of the recap along with the other chat votes since I spent all day just to make this
I think Benyi was the final stronghold of the Resurgence era and when Nova created this server, that began the Community Era
Japan has done it! They passed both and now stand 217
The task for this one is to become President of the United States without being corrupt, 99.9% fail rate
Because I noticed that Antarctica has been more stagnant lately
But this was before I knew the IP switching exploit
Can you please get rid of all of the illegitimate countries right now
@Nova 2016 2018 Maybe flip your phone to landscape and see what happens if you can do that
This is a very brand new Top 3 we’ve never seen before
Singapore has once again broken the monthly record and has gotten almost 170k votes last month!
I know Jackie won’t like that because well he isn’t Slavic but it will probably still work
Oh boy I’m about to make another battle series with this one
Oh well im gonna work on the medal count for the idle chat vote for now
For all OFN members using 1 account while botting, you can use 1 account at a time, but only 2-4 times per day, and you can't go above that or else I will report that to Utonish
They may never come back from this, but I hope they know I never wanted this to happen
And then I’ll let you guys battle each other to see who can get #1
Ok @Caucasian time to wear it now. I voted for your option
Same here, I’m really disappointed with whoever is doing this
RO: I mean the continent is still there but where are the countries????
The gap between Singapore and Indonesia is almost 1T!
Philippines VS Nigeria. The battle to become my second best project on the live streams after Singapore
And with Algeria soon to hit 1T, that means the whole Top 20 will be above 1T
At least like 2M or until whoever is voting Antarctica stops
So apparently it used to be a term to describe when the dislikes outnumber the likes in growth rate
I make it but yet they don't accept it and they redo it themselves.
If we want to defeat this somehow, even Utonish would need to intervene
Do whatever you feel like will work to beat the Red Wave because they are everywhere
Nigeria 3.1T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/NeKg-s9ch0o?si=xmloBsP5VDkf0oHg
Vietnam is now 121st in the ChatVoteCombo leaderboard, more than halfway up the leaderboard!
But only goals your going to actually complete by the end of January
So far Singapores record would probably be 3rd all time just behind Indias and the US
Its been out for like half a year now, maybe I should of better advertized it
If Benyi causes another incident I won’t time you out, and I will only time him out
I’ve already got the Democratic Party of the GCAT which consists of Jackie and Daniel but I’ll replace Jackie with VNBall
Jeez imagine doing all that just over a simple utonish creation
God only knows how the next generations after will be like
New Map of AIFA, all of the Rhodesia region becomes an observer state of AIFA!
I will discuss more about what we will do or maybe if Nova will do something
Average American would probably complain more about that
Its not gonna be a perfect equilibrium, I imagine it where every country has similar growth
Although I did return after the Fascist attacks stopped
Same here, since it’s a lifetime leaderboard, it doesn’t really reflect what my favorite are in the present
You either except not attacking EsXX or face the wrath of a Spanish insurgency
This was the shit https://korewopoi.com/free-track/
RO: Alright I’ll come back tomorrow to see how many likes Nigeria has
They are now the 3rd fastest growing French Subject after Saint Barthélemy and France itself
Damn I cannot believe I’m almost 2M ahead of Germany💀
Garnering over 145k votes and that all didn’t really satisfy me
I will work with our Asian peers as well to eventually create an Asiania Branch for the OFN
NIGERIA 300,000 VOTES https://youtube.com/shorts/ThIXJ2Bm0Fc?si=2aSbE3DheotuVok2
Bro, cmon. Your head is just filled with simple thoughts. You don’t have a plan like I do
Man did we really forget about the concept of an American Empire lol
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=Oncu0bgdcXU&si=ykX0Sf7H3neRWkwS
United States, Tanzania, Algeria, Morocco, Togo, Comoros, and Mali - Observer States
1. Nigeria\n2. Spain\n3. India\n4. Niger\n5. Guinea\n6. Benin\n7. Antarctica\n8. United States\n9. Indonesia\n10. Botswana
**Which Phone Brand Is Better: Android or iPhone?**\n\nIn the ever-evolving world of smartphones, two giants dominate the landscape: Android and iPhone (Apple’s iOS). The debate over which is better has been ongoing for over a decade and continues to spark passionate arguments among tech enthusiasts and casual users alike. While both platforms offer powerful features, elegant design, and vast ecosystems, the decision on which is “better” depends on a combination of factors including user preference, budget, flexibility, and ecosystem compatibility. This essay will explore the strengths and weaknesses of each platform to help clarify why one might be better suited than the other for different types of users.
They held you in captive for 3 years by the Georgian empire
Probably like 2-3 days worth for me depending on how much you vote on the same account for
PAP destroyed the original Nigerian voter Remi, now I will get revenge against PAP for their actions
Which would be easily defeated by AE and NIFA combined which are at that point rivals
Like I mean take the key out of the keyboard and put it back in
We cannot have people in charge of GCAT who act like this.
2/24 - NIFA holds a referendum if Southern Africa can gain Independence
Also the Falkland Islands have officially passed Türkiye in votes, they are the third nation after Algeria and Singapore to do so.
RO: I can solve this by creating codes within codes
It means “Vietnam is moving ahead” or something like that
So everyone! Mark your calenders because its time to make a show
The funny part is Cameroon is now beating them and Cameroon gained those likes within the span of a month
If I could go there I would immediately go for the Durian
Ding ding ding give it up for Singapore Folks! 31,265 votes in a week🔥🔥 Also Indonesia is back above 20k votes!
So in order to get PP, you need to vote at least once
Weekly Idle Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/6D8JKNCN5Kg?si=bdS04zTaogsmA_y9
And if you ever get caught cheating, all the accounts you create will be banned
Maybe you guys should vote whoever is last so technically nobody would be last
Yeah unless it’s their own problem then they take a side
I’m absolutely certain with this new botting technique of mine, Karavase is surely gonna be cooked for real this time
You can mix it in with the new music idc what you do but please add it back!
She should of listened to me instead of treating it as nothing to her
And since you are the Germans, you have to reverse all the cheats that they have done so far
Um, well my accounts got unshadowbanned early so yeah
You have done a lot. You may not notice it. But you have. I don’t even need to tell you.
So imagine how many votes you can get from them with a few hours
10/20 - Mali, Senegal, and Mauritania leave the WAC
People didn’t really have to contribute 500 votes, I explicitly said any country in the Top 20 who has consistent growth can be apart of your “Axis” or whatever
Stop talking about the past and listen to what im saying
Alright sorry for the delays I’m currently in the process of making them right now because I kind of forgot
So if you want to pass Armenia we will support you on that
And I have discovered a new revelation. The red wave seems to only attack on Weekends. For some reason they wait until Saturday and Sunday to attack.
And they are still behind them in votes this week. They still got double the amount of votes this week than Indonesia
Then I’m sorry to tell you but you are headed down a dangerous future
Unlike the Half Year Recap, I won’t need to make an intro, I’m just gonna get into the visualization.
And yearly will Top 1 100, Top 2 50 and Top 3 will be 25
I have passed my GCAT Global Combo on the ChatVoteCombo!
Yeah😄 And when I get enough time next week I will definitely help get back on track and help @userdev_ pass Malaysia
If you do it by then I will forever vote Georgia until my ending date in 2027
Ok if we are going to classify TinyTask, it can honestly be all of the Stages except Stage 0-0.5
And I found the official ways to dodge the Shadowban a couple months ago with the transfer exploit
Antarctica is expected to pass Benin in growth later today!
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 What will you be doing after this
I hope it’s the second option because I definitely don’t want to see another war breakout
Hopefully it ain’t that Mpox shit but anyway I hope your better tomorrow.
Monthly Idle Vote Country Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/GxCbFCGDE-Y?si=5fRbsnpi21TU4LdG
This whole server is gonna explode in chaos if they see a country above 50T
I never really liked Trump, but I only thought he would bring his promises of a golden age
If no one comes out to say so then it has to be the red wave
Hopefully I wasn’t affected since I don’t have a lot of XP
3/9 - NIFA with a population of now over 1.5B people is one of the most populous countries. NIFA without much space left looks for solutions to its population problem.
FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER, A COUNTRY HAS BEEN ABLE TO GAIN 1T+ POINTS IN A WEEK IN THE WHOLE UTONISH UNIVERSE
Firstly Singapore, then Nigeria, and Philippines operations and now this. I can never ever make my ideas work
Who wants to see a Japan vs Nigeria scenario on the idle vote?
For thousands of years humans of all kind went through this phase in life
Weekly Recap if a country has a maxium streak:\nTop 1: 10 Points + 1 Gold Medal\nTop 2: 8 Points + 1 Silver Medal\nTop 3: 7 Points + 1 Bronze Medal
Yeah that has resulted in the creation of the Utonish technology which was used throughout all of AIFA to harness as much votes as possible and would eventually be used in further technological development
With the OFN not being able to invade into the SSNP or the other way around a stalemate is inevitable and a constant state of war continues.
Like I said WHY DO YOU STILL SUPPORT THAT TW ASSHOLE?
Ok so in terms of the lists I will do, there will be Top Global, Top America, Top Eurasia, Top Africa, and Top Oceania
@GCAT Citizen I have updated the IdleChatVote-Country Point History since 2024 Visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24524335/
@Caucasian Mapper I literally waited all day to explain to you
Fyi: the date in which the Shadowban was introduced was in June 2024, and when I ultimately quitted from the Idle Chat Vote was in July of the same year
Although I hope you had a good break from the chat vote
What no? I just haven’t been paying attention to the CV as much
Bhutan may not be red anymore but the eerie feeling you get when a country is red is surreal.
I’ll just use one of my old abandoned servers which has no members in it
Definitely “interesting” battles to look forward to in the Top 5
You can even talk about the whole Idle Vote thing which began the whole story with AIFA or back then NIFA and Red Wave fighting it out and AIFA eventually solidifying victory, then the rise and fall of the American Empire which allied itself to AIFA for a short amount of time before collapsing. Or NATO Versus the Moscow Pact in 2025 which ended up with alien attacking which got AIFA involved and AIFA using its secret weapon to blow up the Aliens and send them back to another part of the Universe.
Ok I’m glad that you guys aren’t beefing anymore though
I bet theres one humanbeing thats like really powerful who would watch over the robots incase something were to happen
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap by Utonish! https://youtube.com/shorts/VvKZ5BO51vk?si=s0xi3BgJG8xza1O2
ENOUGH TALKING ABOUT MY UNCLE’S DARK SIDE AND DO IT
Plus Utonish probably sees this and probably will do it
Just get a new computer like obviously if they were that dedicated to voting Singapore they would have the best computer just to vote Singapore with
So both scenarios would lead to a landslide since I would probably give up on the first day
It’s just weird how they both joined on the same day but separate times
I told TW about whats happening, and she completely ignored it, fucking selfish bitch
Yeah they do but I’m not too good at it surprisingly
To make it more fair I might split Singapore into its districts since Singapore itself is way to high on the list.
# This is the new headquarters for the GCAT Development Team. We will post updates about GCAT Projects and any Developments(This is not the Private Developer discussion though)
And I will continue to report them over and over again
I officially declare today that the Combo is officially dead. The lowest activity ever in Combo history up to this point.
Also the support that TW gave to Kazakhstan is memorable too
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 If you want to revert the Philippines back to their pre-May levels in your report then go ahead but make sure that @userdev_ is willing to let that happen.
@everyone \n# THE BEGINNING OF THE OFN GOLDEN CONVENTION\n1. This will completely outlaw botting in any form on the following Utonish projects: **ChatVote, IdleChatVote, and ChatVoteCombo**\n→ If you are caught using any botting methods which goes as following: TinyTask, Any Autoclicker, Semi-botting(I.e using a botting method while keeping an eye on the chat), ChatBot(ChatGPT), or Coded Programs meant to bot, the OFN will report your account to YouTube and Utonish and you may face consequences in GCAT(according to GCAT rules)\n\n2. This will also outlaw any forms of cheating such as botting, using multiple accounts to bypass Cooldown, or Transferring one account over 5 times a day\n→ The same punishments as number 1 will apply here and you may receive harsher punishments by GCAT\n\n3. This convention will also implement a new Task Force team which will pay attention to any suspicious activities in any of the live streams and here are the people as followed:\n@·༻Khả❀Năng༺· (All the Live Streams)\n@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 (Combo and Idle Chat)\n@Nova 2016 2018 (ChatVote and maybe Combo)\n@Karotten (ChatVote)\n@🔥Maypi The Tiki Taka Great🌏 (Combo and Idle Chat)\nI will also add anyone who is willing to help out\n→ Your job is to report any incidents of cheating possible to Utonish or the GCAT and we will take action to report them.\n\n# - Signed by Kha Nang and Karotten, Heads of OFN
Theo ý kiến ​​của tôi thì khá tuyệt. Không phải là trải nghiệm tốt nhất trong tất cả, nhưng dù sao vẫn rất tốt.
Yup and don’t forget that in the end, we are all humanity after all. Ubuntu the Xhosa word for Humanity, unity, and global cooperation
Due the recent update should NIFA nerf their operations or keep them the same
Once I come back to AIFA, I will start AIFA benefits again
He doesn’t even know how to deal with the red wave folks
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 What do you think of the countdown?
Nigerian African Federal Association/Alliance in a nutshell:
But overall it will be a long journey before anyone can get a close view of Singapore
And then hopefully Utonish resets the dislike count once it reaches 1M
But he started using it when his combo was only at 150K
Bayu should change his name to “allyoutubeusers stopvoting DZ”
However for the rest of the New Order or any country you guys request I will do every 100B points as usual
Although in the upcoming hours is the next Turkish offensive
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=lyRashpLnXI&si=-pB2y7FDIS1NnuiC\n\nMy Cousin says “PoTenTiaL Shenanigans” whenever he hears this song
It’s Caucasian as in my cauc is Asian and therefore you are Asian
I might just become the most introverted kid and make a live stream about my favorite countries
I think Türkiye would end up peaking at 300k votes on the Idle Chat Vote before peaking
I mean I type in the chats a similar way as him but theres absolutely no way that was me bruh
But the OFN was broke from all of the damages caused by the war and couldn’t fully recover
@Utonish This is cheating, you need to take action now
I feel as if I did all of this for nothing. The NIFA stuff and all the recaps. If you are reading this Utonish. Please give us a favor and ban all people using alts especially @Tonas /🇨🇿🇮🇱
RO: I mean they have their respective vote count like in the real one
And now that you have it, you don’t need to listen to me
Another country passes **-∞ DISLIKES** out of nowhere
And if they think they can destroy my reputation again, its not going to work
I might have to change Venezuela’s ranking since they have like -100K points
# TOP USERS VS CHATVOTECOMBO WEEK 3 | Adjusted for real placements
China if you drop the government stuff, China would be my favorite country after the US
AIFA will launch another operation on Alabama if their declining rate continues to grow.
Dude we don’t even play Soccer/Football that much and we somehow beat you?
No, don’t post any moments of him period. It’s not all about him, it’s about GCAT as a whole not for his time.
And in its place your deleting one but then the transfered one still exists and it rewrites the state of that channel so that way Utonish didn't actually ban it but still has old data like if it was banned
Same, on my other devices it just links up to my others
I just want my admin perms back soon and I will continue to be a good boy as I always have been! 😀
Also Utonish doesn’t make weekly recaps for the Idle vote
Also great job Nigeria for getting 3rd Place this week!
But luckily the Christian Democrats won and thats all that matters
No because although that showed up as Utonish.com that may not be his actual face.
With the new medal feature, it’s gonna make it look cool 🙂
@Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 Remember earlier Caucasian was marked as "Spammer"
At this point you should be the lead developer of all this stuff and assist Utonish with his work lol
PAP: Alright so our main plan is to revolutionize trade that will fit our interests. We won against the CCP in WW3 and now we control what was once left of Communist China. So with that we can restart the crippled economy with our immense wealth of resources, but we first need to repair the US since the AE collapsed after WW3 for some reason. So will trade with Canada and they will annex Boston and many other major cities of New England. But of course NIFA will get suspicious of our activities because the AE and NIFA were once allies and they are currently supporting many American states. So will make it seem as if it’s a union between New England and Canada. With that we now control more resources which will further boost our ability to trade.
Also to everyone in the NO(New Order) I didn’t vote Nigeria too much today because I am testing something that can hopefully help me break Singapores weekly record on the chat vote this week or next week but to no prevail, I’m still in the process of testing but for now I will be voting like I did last week.
This is far greater than what they have achieved since last June
Like lately there have been more countries being targeted for real
They’ve been going for a month now like Israel once did
Well for now at least they still don’t realize how the combo works
Russia is only 38,852 away from passing Sierra Leone and Brazil to reach Top 20
Singapore has officially made it to the first column aka 20th in terms of votes for the first time in a while!
The OECD is the center of stability in the idle vote for now
Thanks a lot Daniel. Um well yeah but I spliced it a bit to make it sound more in line with the song so it doesn’t sound bad!
Also let me add more to that, in your little mind of yours, all you think about is Utonish, Utonish this, Utonish that. I’m sick of hearing this over and over again. At this point you’re overly addicted to Utonish. It powers you, it has taken over your cognitive thinking. And whenever someone makes a fuss about it, you always have to have a say in it. You have no true life because if you did, you would agree with all my points. You’re probably failing in some classes because of this. I’m surprised Jemala hasn’t teached you how to be a better brother. You even take this over your own family. You take Utonish over education, over your parents, your pets(if you have/had any), over even your own wellbeing. You don’t care about anything else, you just care about Utonish and Utonish and Utonish. Why don’t you just look at yourself in mirror, and ask, “What went wrong?” If this keeps going, you will lose everything, even your access to Utonish will be gone eventually too. You will be back to square 1. With nothing next to you. While you sit in the alleyways of Tbilisi with nothing. While you begin to rot on the street hoping for something to happen when nothing will happen, because in the end, it all came down towards your downfall from this. \n\nI don’t want to see you like that at all, so I just want you to do one thing. Please reflect upon not just Utonish, but also life. I know you can change for the better Caucasian. Just please be yourself back before 2020, back when your most played game was Football or something along those lines. Back when you had true friends and family. Back when school actually went well for you. Back when every country was equally great in your head but Georgia of course was the best. Back when nothing plagued you. I want to see that version of you again. \n\nI know you can bring it back somehow. I want you to change.
Oh dang, I didn’t think that would have been enough to pass everyone. That’s crazy
I was on an almost 1 month hiatus. So be happy at that fact
She’s already pretty hated in this community and eventually we’re gonna try to get Mango banned
Lol, learning the whole of JS in like a couple days
Or actually this https://youtu.be/e3Rnsz7XWkk?si=p8QfClal3OHpI6k6
I only have 325 days left in this community, so let’s make this as peaceful as possible and live happily ever.
That’s what im saying. We always vote or in YouTube’s case say the same thing over and over again, and that’s what YouTube thinks is spam, so YouTube’s anti-spam Shadowbans that Brand account for 24 hours
And im kind of a music producer as you can see on my channel
Well eventually AIFA is going to create an inter-sectional ban on dislikes, so anyone trying to dislike will get countered
You have to prevent the very creation of Utonish on April 1st 2020
Nahhhh I bet them British people are enjoying their Toast Sandwiches
Not that, I mean Views Counts, your best live stream to date
But it was for less than a day so I technically don’t count that as them fully passing Indonesia in my books.
Because I’m doing this for the community to end Singaporean rule once and for all
And whoever wins out those candidates gets another spot?
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=6zPt2zs53L8&si=Ju4GyzU5ibjFd5wF I also like the Instrumental version of this song, but not the lyrical version for the same reason
It’s like America is humiliating their opps so there can be “peace” but I know it’s gonna backfire.
NIFA: I have never seen a ship looking this technically advanced
It’s already taken me an hour and a half so will do the daily recap tomorrow
Whoever is behind this attack on the country section, it has to be someone who hates Bhutan
Wdym? In terms of my influence or in terms of the countries I voted?
I guess that’s why the 800 limit was added to ensure that bots have a harder time to vote
They probably kept getting messages from the Peoples Action Party in Singapore and they probably had to change it
But I’ve since realized that the more important part of life is not for simple pleasures but rather for making life important.
Congratulations to @Utonish for hitting 50M views on YouTube
2/21 - NIFA United as a single country due to Nigeria’s economic and political recovery and due to many members failing to recover
Then the viewers would probably know that I once voted Singapore all the way to Top 6
Thanks to Botswana and Nigeria joining forces, a full scale African alliance is now more likely than ever.
And eventually their friendship broke due to countries catching up
But within that network, I created thousands of clones of mine, and I invaded his network of clones and destroyed them, and now im at the gates of his innersoul waiting to strike him
Japan has achieved its best growth its ever seen in its entire idle vote history
We just have to be prepared for it because he will release it at anytime
With the help of VN Ball, and Danto, and maybe others, Vietnam will surely put up a good fight
Once I get enough coding experience and knowledge about running APIs, I will make one that will be as close as possible to that of Utonish’s past projects.
Even if it’s not a perfect world at the moment, you can always still have that spirit within you to make a difference. I don’t mean on Utonish, I mean in life.
### Conclusion: It Depends on the User\n\nIn conclusion, the question of whether Android or iPhone is better does not have a one-size-fits-all answer. If you value customization, variety, and affordability, Android is likely the better choice. If you prioritize software updates, ecosystem integration, and privacy, then the iPhone is hard to beat. Both platforms have their unique strengths and cater to different audiences. Ultimately, the “better” phone brand is the one that best aligns with the user’s personal needs, preferences, and lifestyle.
It was to sort send a message to those people disliking Nigeria but in the end, AIFA reverted those attacks and later converted them Green due to the beginning of the Red Wave
And I definitely don’t want another incident like in 2023 again
You literally replied to a message saying "You literally replied to a message saying "This is Utonish""
Yeah you better leave now. You are not allowed to exist here
There’s just something about band that I can maintain every single day without worrying about the loop
I will probably vote Nigeria if the idle vote comes back obviously
And I will forever have peace and you guys will have peace
NIFA: We are valued for being able to support the growth the Idle Vote Country and prevent the Red Wave from coming back.\nMy Wi-Fi:
Since I mentioned that I would let Romania pass Nigeria
As for outside of the community, things are looking actually looking up for me. School is going really well so far for these past couple of days and my first High School Pit Orchestra rehearsal went well. And as for today the Lowell PEP Band is gonna be playing at a Girls Basketball game today and I’m very excited to play in that today.
So it like sends messages when someone sends messages?
So what I’m trying to figure out is if I can somehow find another way to transfer the channel to another brand account through another method but to no prevail
Well if no drama were to happen 2025 would be even better but of course it’s not gonna be perfect right?
Hello guys, I won't be posting this weeks video report until later since im currently working on a new set flourish visualizations which uses the hourly data!
Germany has secured its spot in first but Indonesia continues to catch and pass Vietnam lol
No, something went wrong. It was just a simple joke session and someone slipped which caused this
It became a war of attrition which I couldn’t stand any longer
The only thing I like about Orban is they support Trump
And it’s only gonna continue to change when I’m at Indonesia’s doorstep
Pretty much I’ve just let my auto clickers do it’s thing and some days I completely forget about it
I’m from San Francisco but my mom came from Sai Gòn
*Yet they didn't do anything to stop Falklands advance*
Nigeria 2.4T Points https://youtube.com/shorts/3Ql-32_yIHk?si=C0cdFrM3Eh-0ChOx
So really the numbers should be 2500-3000 against 700 per half hour
Thus today will mark the Admission of Mali and Senegal into NIFA! Congratulations!
Since when? My first term? Well you weren't being yourself then, so I wanted to make that clear to everyone, and in the end that messed up my reputation, so I wont do that again
Dude just think about it for a second, my guy is literally making free cash just by posting a controversial video about MrBeast
Btw the American Empire would consist of the US, Canada, Mexico, Greenland, Sierra Leone and Liberia if it were to exist
Singapore has gained 6,889 votes in the span of 12 hours!
I have an important announcement! I will be officially be doing a first quarterly recap for most gained votes on the Chat Vote, Idle Chat Vote, and Chat Vote Combo which all 3 will go live on March 31st 2025! Stay tuned everyone!
I will keep creating more accounts and get PH more votes and that’s it
But after the South takeover it was renamed to Ho Chi Minh City
Yeah your right, Nova is the only one that can do that since us Admins cannot nickname each other
If your failing you shouldn't be doing to much PEACH operations
Because Georgia liked Georgia who also liked Georgia
Meanwhile on the Chat Vote I think Indonesia would still dominate for awhile until someone would be fed up with Bayu and dethrone them(Definitely not me)
On my journey in the Utonish community it all began on the United States
It’s not burn out, it’s not laziness, it’s not lack of motivation
Unless you are busy because I’m willing to do all 3 again
Is it gonna be Togo or Mali as our second new member?
Falkland Islands has officially beaten Réunion in its race to 100k votes and is successfully the fourth country to reach 100k votes
@everyone \n# Exciting Announcement\n@Shut Up Maypi WIll be hosting the **ChatVoteWorldCup** in #🗳️◄𝖢𝗈𝗎𝗇𝗍𝗋𝗒◍𝖵𝗈𝗍𝖾►🗳️ which will be a competition between many of the popular countries a cross many of Utonish's popular live streams! So make sure to vote and participate in the upcoming days!
The red wave doesn’t even count in my books anymore
*At this rate the Turks have been exhausted and eventually one day, Singapore passed Turkey in points*
Weekly ChatVote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/bbF7yoFSWgw?si=sH8keMqb2shbCQOh
@Nova 2016 2018 Btw why is the chat vote and idle chat vote a threads only channel now?
2. Go to this link https://www.youtube.com/account_advanced\n3. Click Move Channel\n4. And select that new channel
But whatever maybe your right, the Chat Vote isn't really that important anymore
As I said, mango pinged everyone in Caucasian’s server and that’s what began all of this
Also Both Canada and China have passed 50k votes making them the 7th and 8th countries to do so
But also having advanced options enabled for your YouTube account
The French think they can fool around with me when I am inactive and messing around with Singapore and that shit, that’s not gonna happen this time France. I’m sick and tired of your insults to Nigeria and I’m gonna teach you a lesson in an hour
Go on, keep voting Chispa. Your only inching closer towards the end of your career, and you membership status in GCAT
I think I probably saw it at one point where Saint Barthélemy was #1 and then the next day Türkiye came back
Since I was able to do a Stage 3.5 Botting Operation using TinyTask
1 Warning to you. One more and you will be timed out
For some reason I’m getting a strong feeling of nostalgia right now from the 2022 times
# IF ANYONE ELSE WANTS TO ACCUSE ME OF BOTTING YOULL SEE WHAT I HAVE INSTORE FOR YOU
You mastered python, so you basically mastered Utonish
Now we gotta take down the big beasts of the Red Wave which are Japan and Israel
Ugh you are gonna complain about my laziness again?
https://tenor.com/view/taco-bell-bathroom-dump-poop-5seconds-gif-22266773
@m4ngo____ please patch that in your future voting games please
Bruh I literally I just gained what Germany had 2 years ago in just 3 hours☠️
E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1E USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1MAKE USA NUMBER 1
@Nova 2016 2018 Are you gonna restart elections or not?
You can vote other countries now without losing your combo
Thank you guys for 100 Subscribers on my stats channel! I might of always been a frustration to some of you and all that, but I’m glad you understand that in the end it’s all about the work you put in and the outcome to that. I have come a far way from where I was a year ago and I’m thankful to everyone who has been with me for the past 3 years, it’s my pleasure for making this community a better place to be in despite to occasional mistakes I have made, and I hope to continue this journey into the future and one day create something new.
Wait are you the Southeast Asian Mapper/ball guy that votes because I’ve seen him quite a bit recently
Come vote on the https://discord.com/channels/1040362761617670146/1040660249742409778
It might sound weird but I plan to add regions to the Top 10 highest countries like I did with my favorite countries list
A civil war would begin in the OFN causing even more destruction and yes they would collapse to where we are now.
It won’t patch the fact you can chat more than 800 times but it will prevent YouTube channels from being able to vote more than 800 on a specific brand account if that makes sense
https://youtu.be/mzYqOwQpeiE?si=cjpWgkSFVxNn-vi3 PHILIPPINES BABY
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTECOMBO RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/XWjEhFEV6BU?si=hOMSlZJwsN2nJJj0
So you have to somehow convince the CDP to side with you and take over AIFA
But once I’m done with that, I’ll push Georgia and Romania ahead
I have recalculated everything so it should be more accurate now
How am I tricking you? Roubaix clearly doesn't exist. It never did. Im PoTenTiaL as it always as been since 2019.
Since NIFA has finished its shenanigans in Russia, NIFA will redirect its attention back towards Africa
Nah I think you can consider that as like FYSC channels
Yeah I’m proud! My redemption arc is off to a very good start. I’m now at the level of Syria on the ChatVoteCombo who is 146
I don’t want to waste anymore time everyday on a stupid combo bruh
Who would have thought a genius like me would make something like this?
And youll see the war machine that the Ban System is
By far the most popular continent on every vote is Asia
Basically Tonas posted an image that was hateful towards India and it was outside of #🗺️◄𝖯𝗈𝗅𝗂𝗍𝗂𝖼𝗌►🗺️
@Caucasian Mapper Dont mess with us though, its not funny
Since as you know I used to vote Singapore back in the day
Before that, the UK was 2nd for about a year, and then Japan was for 2020-2021
Because right after it began the total vote gains of the idle chat vote recaps plummented
It has to be some like random Japanese channel maybe
I’m trying to get the Philippines at a consistency first before I vote Georgia
Yeah that’s what I thought @7Star no apology = no mercy for the Indian Subcontinent
Maybe pass Russia in the meantime while AIFA is fighting Israel
They are usually neutral about it taking both sides but this time they have sided with Palestine
So now there are 4 political parties in GCAT, Democratic Party, Christian Democratic Union, Vietnamese Association, and now Popular Patagonian Organization of Chile!
And I use flourish to make the visualizations as you probably know
So hopefully by the week after next week I will start voting Georgia
(1) is what rank they are on the combo with Points or Votes
He better be paying them well or else that’s just messed up
https://app.flourish.studio/@FAME5MAU5_Studios_Flourish
ID is REAL OVERWEENING BOT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RO: Because you see everyone hates China and every decided to dislike them
Back in June 2023 when I was getting Nigeria to 1M, it took me 4-6 hours back then to get just 20k, but now with my more efficient device, I can do the same amount in like 1-2 hours
I did it already, he should be banned within 24 hours
Ok this is just absolutely ridiculous, now Trump is threatening to put Tariffs on Russian Oil. ON THE FRIEND THAT YOU MADE A MONTH AGO. ARE YOU SERIOUS
So his voting combined would equal half of my botted votes on the live streams
Also this is only the first draft of the Base TERRA plan. The second draft of the Base TERRA plan will begin in summer 2025 and it will deal with the Top 50
But I can disable his disabling abilities since remember, I have the technology he does
Nope you will suffer if you do. You gotta recap over 5k+ subdivisions and I don’t recommend doing that especially because you cannot even do your favorite countries recap
For the first time since October 13th 2023 a country’s gap from Indonesia is less than 1T
I just cannot wait until the next live stream comes out soon
Alr in that case, who is the fastest declining nation on that section?
So therefor Singapore would be\n97 (89) 🇸🇬 Singapore\n1,749,356 pt    5,121 vt
# @Utonish IF YOU DON'T RESET THE CHAT VOTE WE WILL DO IT FOR YOU, WE WILL OBLITERATE EVERYTHING THE CHAT VOTE HAS KNOWN, AND YOU CAN NOT STOP US, WE WILL CONTINUE UNTIL YOU RESET IT!
Dude you almost about to become the fastest growing state in the US
Bruh this literally shouldn't be happening because It didn't happen to me
Like at this point I know they might jump to another country if Singapore gets banned
They are close to passing the 250th country on the ChatVoteCombo which is the British Virgin Islands
But really even if they left, me and you would be growing at relatively the same speed anyway
PoTenTiaL: Whoever it was it was probably those pesky red waves
Damn I thought that was a PrestonPlays notification when I saw that
Smack the shit out of it with my flute and it will fix it
Uh so people were saying my Cousin’s account had voted. Let me remove it then
They have more likes than Czechia yet they still passed Bhutan
I do my NIFA operations in the morning and then I have the rest of the day to focus on hw
And Morocco and Finland both reach 100K lifetime points!
If you do I will vote without alts for the first time since 2023
No points are the points that are awarded by the medals
Just as long as your an American ally and all that, you’ll be just fine
@userdev_ In case you wondering what the fuck I was doing with like 20+ accounts, I was just experimenting with this new botting technique of mine
Huge coincidence. The Dark Presence from Fortnite = The Red Wave from Utonish
VPN semi-works because I tried a couple of locations on my VPN and they did work and led back to my original combo
You should always keep your session on to ensure you keep your IP Address safe
At the beginning of 2023, thats the amount they were growing at
Then if it asks you to choose a channel to sign in with, you click the banned one
Interesting well nevertheless thanks for the support on the Philippines
I was chilling and well he just had to snap in my face.
If we catch them for real botting then will take action
It might risk getting rid of points but it’s the only thing that can solve the red wave
And Israel on the chat vote accomplished the most amount of new votes this week throughout the whole Utonish universe!
That’s why Stage 0.25 is what I would still consider legitimate voting
As I said I will be adding Regions/Subdivision Points/Votes coverage like you have seen in my Top 10 Favorite Countries, and it will be exactly like that
I’m half way there you guys, so I’ll reach it probably Saturday
And lets just say that at the end, Spain beat the hell out of the US before it ended
Also I am the leader of the fictional alliance AIFA which mainly runs on the idle vote if you know about that.
Just listen to me for a second here, I understand you enjoy dominating Utonish’s voting live streams, but I’m not in the mood for voting right now. This world doesn’t revolve around voting. We all have lives to live and that life cannot be focused on doing the same thing over and over again. Im sorry Im just not in that state of mind anymore.
At least the good thing about the ComboVote is that botting is actually worthless in terms of points because people can think that using VPN or whatever will expand their combo but the combo is actually their IP Address, so if they switch to another IP they will lose their combo lol. So this idea might actually work very well
And that will probably take about 10-11 months to achieve
What makes you say that? The reason you are even here is because you saw me supporting India, your own country. I bet if I didn’t support them you wouldn’t be here, so no of course you cannot compete with me. I’m the almighty powerful, and if you dare mess with me, I will show you that with all the countries I support.
And now it’s raining. A big storm overhead. It only amplifies this depression we’re in. A world that is losing its core slowly every day. Why can’t we just go back to the first day of 2026 where there was hope for a resolution and a beginning of a new chapter. It feels so chaotic but lonely at the same time. What I had thought to be a hopeful year has turned to hell within one second. I hope if there is hope left that there’s an exit somewhere, an exit that can reverse this trend and bring things back to normal.
I don’t mind if you dislike Nigeria or any African country, that is the past now
So unfortunately that means no Romania and Vietnam Top 1 unfortunately
Just search up VPN on your phone and look for the one you want to get on PC if they have a PC version
And then you’re gonna say “Be calm” man fuck that. My accounts keep getting banned and I’ll never achieve a 10k ever again.
That’s because I’ve created an #🇪🇸◄español►🇪🇸 channel
AE: So we would still discover Atlantis in 2027 but god only knows if Atlantis is going to be aggressive
Since your unhappy with the Joint Karotten-PoTenTiaL/KiNeTiC administration
Just giving you a hint, but I consider Georgia my 5th favorite country this week.
Well I actually do have one of my own which ill talk about later
But even though I like high numbers, I don’t like doing it right away
This is basically all I have left to do at this point
It’s becoming apparent that 2025 is coming to an end very quickly and soon the whole world will be under 2026’s reign
I know but how do you get a visual like that to show up on OBS
But if they continue to do this every half hour their combos will grow at the same pace as mine meaning they might become a problem
“Hello everyone this is YOUR weekly dose of PAP news”
Top 5 Countries with the best top 1 weekly record\n1. Singapore - 51,517(2024-05-04)\n2. **Nigeria - 37,449(This week)**\n3. Israel - 37,247(2024-08-24)\n4. United States - 26,827(2023-07-15)\n5. India - 26,734(2023-06-17)
Best Live Stream so far:\n1. ChatVoteCombo\n2. ChatVote\n3. IdleChatVote
2026 has officially landed in Kiribati already which means 2026 is around the corner folks
# WHAT DID I SAY ABOUT ME BEING ASSOCIATED WITH THAT
At this rate Nigeria could probably pass 180k in 1-2 weeks
Isn’t your profile picture a rip off from Minecraft
Im not gonna bot on the new live stream, that’s for sure
Ok perfect Vietnam is ahead of Indonesia for like the 1000th time
Bro the server is obsolete we have an OFN section on GCAT
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=9lybsz-7TFM&si=wLDd2fPfrYsDZL-1 For some reason this is my second favorite song right now
Congratulations @Nova 2016 2018 You have reached 2M points
HEADS UP! NEW PREMIERE SOON! https://youtu.be/IyCV2sOF7Ek?si=ddaJzwBBqQ6XTlD9
God damn so I guess everyone other then me can find a way to remake Utonish’s projects
Looks cool right? I 100% didn't base it off of the Spotify layout🦅
For the love of god, what fucking place have we gotten ourselves into☠️
Unless of course they somehow gain their mid 2023 momentum again!
4/17 - NIFA caught an ADP warship near their coast heading towards Southern Africa
Track and Field used to be an exception but I quit that. So there has to be some thing that can make exceptions.
# STOP FUCKING CALLING ME A BOT, OR Z-ED OR WHATEVER YOU WANT TO CALL ME, IM DOING MY SHIT THE WAY EVERYONE ELSE DOES IT, AND DON'T EVER COMMENT THAT IM A BOT, YOU UNDERSTAND
Even if I don't win, there will be new people in charge
Ok maybe my ideas suck tbh will keep it in the original format
The US has officially repassed Vietnam to becoming the third most voted nation on the chat vote!
Agreed, also by you supporting Saint Barthélemy, your just supporting the French Empire, so don’t make them any stronger
The previous round was initially a AIFA victory but in the end this made it AIFA’s first major defeat since resurrection
You should do one for Nigeria\nWhat if Nigeria ruled Number 1 for longer, where Nigeria ruled number 1 up until June where Türkiye would pass them at 10B points since Türkiye would create more and more valuable combos which would make Türkiye eventually overtake Nigeria.
Everyone else gets praise for their achievements, but for me? I get basically nothing.
Sierra Leone is the sixth NIFA member to pass 100k likes
Yep eventually, but with Antarctica in the way that’s gonna be a challenge
So I mean is it really worth going against this guy?
In my opinion Stage 2 and 3 will be easier since I won't have to vote too much
I want him to unite the whole community against me and I will gladly accept his terms whatever they are
You can ask any of the mods to delete it on GCAT because I’m banned from there so I cannot delete it myself.
Whatever the case the red wave are mostly asleep right now so no wonder they aren’t disliking much right now
NIFA ALERT: Guinea is once again being attacked by the Red Wave due to its low dislike count
But they are one of the most the most voted African nations on the idle vote
I’ll give you until I reach 10M on the ComboVote for you to prove I like her
Ok yeah I’m just gonna let this voting continue and I’m not gonna pay more attention to it
Also how tf did you gain like 500 votes in one update despite being like level 230
This was the beginning of a new era in the community
The one that I left which was made in dealing with cheating
There now currently 3 countries above 1M likes on the country section
I’ve once again created a new form of botting on the IdleChatVote that makes it so I can change accounts on demand. This is heavily inspired from the previous form I did with the mass account creation technique but this time at a lower scale. The difference between the two techniques is that this time I can make it so I can change accounts remotely so whenever Utonish bans it or it gets shadowbanned, I can instantly switch wherever I want and whenever I want no matter where I am!
Well in my opinion they were over voted on the idle chat vote, I don’t have beef with them either but they just have too many votes like Singapore
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 What you think about Russia’s spot this week?
No I mean like way before that did you see me vote them?
Starting this week I will be doing daily reports for favorite countries for the Top 20!
I think you better watch out because I think Chile and Ukraine are probably gonna want to kick Bosnia out of the Top 20 soon
Remember that talk we had a while ago about Humanity
(Coughs) I mean… AIFA’s last resort is voting Bosnia and Herzegovina to the point of rationing Tajikistan in like a millisecond or less
And then release another voting live stream to keep people addicted meanwhile creating more and more villains to keep people hooked
If you do need help with setting it up or anything, I can definitely help you with that
You better get to work or else you will lose it all in less than a month
So eventually I will be able to dodge Indonesia altogether unless Vietnam or Germany gets disliked
Also for **Temporary**\nI will be removing the Medal Count section
This is the only polite time I’m gonna tell you that. If you say his name again you will see what happens
Just watch that 40k gap of yours gonna be gone within a month
It’s not just about me you know, PAP has lied to so many people for example @Caucasian Mapper I’m doing this for him, and so many others who want to see Singapore removed from the Top 1
Ba means dad or three\nBá means uncle I believe\nBà means grandma
Today I’m gonna try to make a spreadsheet that makes it so I can immediately copy and paste the combo report in two commands.
@Caucasian Womp womp Georgia is 19th today... sorry mate
Once I’m defeated there’s probably gonna be conflict between people who supported the Red Wave
Even with todays technology 5 Billion is not possible
I will have to sacrifice Vietnam but I will never stop growing my combo because the truth is the red wave will never pass my combo
I guess maybe the ultimate reason the Red Wave sprung up in the first place is because they saw Vietnam as a threat to the balance of power and that’s why they came and disliked everyone to “restore balance” or something.
I have to somehow differentiate between Red Wave dislikes and regular dislikes to ensure I’m not messing up anyone’s plans
I thought you were gonna say “People’s Action Party of Georgia in America”☠️☠️☠️
AND **LIKE I SAID** DONT CONSIDER THIS AS A RETURN FOR ME
I meant like on the country section where there’s a whole red wave going on that’s what I meant
I’m a legal US citizen though because both of my parents are already💀
Ok I think Utonish captured the data for the 31st, so now I just have to wait
In fact when PAP isn’t around I might do a couple operations
I’m gonna reorganize my account and delete all the banned channels
I guess my former ally North Macedonia gets replaced with an even stronger one
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 They are disliking Russia on the ComboVote
I might do the edits where Germany passes countries maybe
But basically you guys get to decide what country becomes the next NIFA leader
I’ll test them later to see if I can somehow break the 800 limit
Ok yup they are trolling. Why only give 13 dislikes and like use the rest of it for other countries💀
Also clear your damn cache because my username will show
Am I gonna have to explain the same thing to you that I did to Caucasian?
Speaking of that, I told him a whole ton of shit about how I did my operations
It’s probably just him whining about how much of a threat PAP is to Canada
*And so a huge conflict broke out between them on who would become the 7th fastest nation*
Or wait, let @Karotten download the data from that channel first and then you can delete them
I think it was a little mistake but both numbers are wrong according to one of my previous replies
But ill tell you one thing, you should focus on school instead of doing PEACH operations
Plus why even capture his moments when it’s already visible if you check the channels period. Sure if you want to see only a select few of his best, but I know people are willing to see all of it. So that’s why I think posting it in moments channels are completely unnecessary.
I think there should be some application process to make parties, because like I did with the Democratic Party, I just summoned it from thin air and I think thats not really what it should be like
But hey idc because Vietnam is like 3 times more powerful then them
And I will use this opportunity to equalize my presence in both worlds
And like I said we’re doing this for the better good of the chat vote
And then Turkiye afterwards since Turkiye and Georgia are close to eachother
Hey Daniel, take your time. I hate to see anything feel hurt. Daniel just take your time and you don't have to make the report today. Take care of them if you have to and don't worry about the Combo today.
Well in that case now Utonish has to nerf everyone else who used VPN back then
The remnants of the red wave which would devastate Japan, Israel, Sri Lanka and many more countries
The Red Wave are a bunch of gangsters anyway. But that doesn’t mean one of them have an advantage over me
Also Karavase and ce83 is at a noticeable decline in ranks this week
WEEKLY TOP60 IDLECHATVOTE RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/wPlHBQsp3uw?si=Pp00kOt1szdar1N7
I’ll tell you how it’s like when utonish releases it
Nó giống như có rất nhiều quốc gia tham gia bỏ phiếu nhưng thực tế bạn chỉ đóng góp một phần rất nhỏ.
@everyone Thanks to everyone who did participate in all of the elections this month despite all the challenges and difficulties! We will see you again in September!
Japan has passed Guatemala! Now they are in 211th place
India is third despite having the second most amount of points since their monthly growth is less than China
So in case that confuses you, here’s a short summary of that.\n\nIf you get banned Utonish or Shadowbanned, I can switch accounts instantly remotely outside of my main server whenever I want, wherever I am without being at my desktop.
I would maybe put Nova in Main since he was main force behind uniting the community against all odds so I think he deserves respect for that.
If it wasn’t for my anger, Bilip wouldn’t of needed to do any of this
📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺📉🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡👺👺👺👺👺
Россия сделала это. Russia has accomplished first place for the first time in the entire history of my favorite countries list(If were talking about this list and not lifetime). I honestly don't know how we got here to this point but despite all the circumstances that plague us today between the Western and Eastern worlds, the bridge has been reestablished between us and an opportunity has opened up between our worlds to solve our differences and make a connection again.
Every single other mysteries like the Turks, Benyi, even as far the Dark Age folks
Like why are there so many nations with 1T points but so few above 600B-1T
Well to me they were annoying for some reason. Maybe its because of the historical Vietnamese-Cambodian rivalry
But obviously it’s because the cooldown update awhile ago, so no matter why it’s so high now
There won't be a yearly one since this event only lasts until August
Oldest screenshot we’ve got of the chat vote on this channel
@GCAT Citizen Its kinda glitchy but INTRODUCING the IdleChatVote Point Growth History since 2024 Visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24525568/
https://tenor.com/view/france-jumpscare-france-gif-8859834915651946028
But whoever the fuck is using my VPN you better stop
Fucking bitch wanted to be like me but ended up failing badly
But if you use only for certain things then that’s not botting
In Base TERRA’s place AIFA now introduces the Project Democracy 2025 plan
NIFA: Ha loser, we disabled your electricity, you need to pay $1M ransom to reactivate your electricity.
And there are a few glitches in the data file, so bare with it until tomorrow
But they probably won’t pass Türkiye in points for a long time
CHINA IS GREEN! The Capital of the Red Wave has fallen Green for the first time in two years!
@GCAT Citizen INTRODUCING MY VERY FIRST FLOURISH VISUAL ON THE COMBO! INTRODUCING the ChatVoteCombo Point History Since 2025 Visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/24526087/
I may not have it with me now, but one day I can snap a finger and Utonish will fall like a sack of bricks
I said @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 wanted something from you
To anyone who wants to join FAME https://discord.gg/VP8yFSYJWw
South America and Africa share a lot of ancient history together even once being one continent together.
Well if I were you, I would watch your words because if you dare to insult @iu mãi VN-A615 again I’ll get rid of your mod perms
Niue, Algeria, Togo and other nations would be the foothold of what would be left of the like growth
@Caucasian Mapper  ne YOUR c@Caucasian Mapper  ne YOUR c
I promise you once I pass Singapore, you will be the next in line for first
And yes another song I like: https://youtu.be/QtXby3twMmI?si=R2T2nMjVxqidAzsz
Then we will take action against your Bot accounts and Utonish will ban them and YouTube will probably take action too
Nope. As long as you change for the better, I won’t have to do that ever again
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/AUBfyBaVuRg?si=mp5V95XzA4DRML--
THAT IDOIT WANTS TO TAKE OVER THE TOP 20! \n# SCREW HIM
Chill bro, I was just joking and your making a whole big deal from it.
Bro literally got canceled and then forgiven and then canceled again and finally forgiven
I took the Red Wave too seriously and got really pissed off.
But since the Idle Vote is unplayable we can move it over to the Chat Vote
Thank you for your communication Utonish! Much appreciated😀
For right now we just need to focus on ourselves first
@Caucasian Mapper Good for you your fan base is growing! I’m proud of you!
Just as long as it isn’t Tomas’ doing then it’s fine
I got asked by a guy when I was originally voting Algeria to help Singapore since they were in decline and almost about to fall  off the Top 60. I was like hell yeah and I managed to even pass Algeria the previous country I supported. And this was basically early Singapore before PAP came. I was the PAP of the time
Well on the country section and 2 others ill be enforcing it
Ok that’s cool with me, it’s not like I’m gonna report on the idle chat vote anyway
I will secure my spot in first place whether you like it or not
In case anyone is wondering, NIFA used to be NAFA but later rebranded due to members outside of Africa
As a community we always dreamed of creating something like Utonish, especially us 5. Karotten, me, you, Gradira
@Nova 2016 2018 Hot question: If I go on an eternal hiatus would you let me back into GCAT?
Well I will of course continue to vote and my allies will do the same
Like what’s the numerical limit and how long will it last for?
Ever since I stopped voting Singapore in March, Indonesia would continue to grow and grow occasionally facing rivalry but Singapore continued to fall
And ALL WHILE VOTING TO KEEP YOUR NUMBER 1 SPOT ON EVERYTHING
That’s more viewers than on both livestreams combined
That’s not my point, just leave us alone. We are doing our normal stuff, so why bother? We never did anything bad to you, and if we did, we’re sorry. All of the bad things we did. But that’s no excuse to constantly terrorize this server. You need to think about what’s at stake in the real world. You either think about terrorizing us or seeing your country get better. Just please stop with this nonsense and move on.
@Sonar Tori's Control (SBC) I have added all BD Districts and Divisions!
And they occasionally blended together to form white
@Nova 2016 2018 Will be calling the shots since well he’s the Owner/President of GCAT
Boston and Karavases impact has been equal in my opinion.
Don’t worry about it, it’s the same bullcrap as yesterday
# For this week’s Top User report, I’m not gonna include unknowns since there are tons of them and I don’t really have time to add them really. So if you want to be included in this weeks report, make sure to name yourself on the ComboVote!
Bosnia you need some work but you’ll end up with 1,000,000,000,000 hopefully
So you don’t need alts anymore to vote other countries
Mark your calendar for the 1st cuz that’s when Armenia is gonna become first
Yeah I would probably force them to vote Nigeria instead
Ok I’m gonna let this play out and not intervene but please don’t cause an incident
So take all the steps you want Denis, because it ain’t gonna happen
Bayu and PAP gave us nothing in return, and continued to fuel their selfish empires to the top.
I will prove this later when I check all of my PH combos
So im trying my best to prevent another Dark Age from happening
Nope, on the new chat vote, it will all be done legitimately and we will be working with Utonish as I said to prevent cheating, because our goal as the OFN is to ensure the chat vote is fair, not to enforce unfairness
Yeah a bit early because I forgot to do it for the past couple of days
They now get permanent membership outside of Georgia’s vision
Ok my final decision, because of that concert in Zagreb not too long ago, my opinions with them will slightly change, but all the Neo-Fascist rumors appear to be false however during that concert many Neo-Fascist slogans and symbols were used which seems to correlate to the past Croatian Fascists during WW2. The current Croatian government denounced these actions however it still shows how much the far right still has prominence in Croatia even after WW2. Because of that I will keep my eye on them if anything suspicious like that happens again.
NIFA: We are shutting down our operations on the idle chat vote until this issue is resolved
It’s either a glitch or this is truly punishment for me
And no guys if your new here, we’re not talking about Georgia the country, we’re talking about the state
But If I have such power to do it then it could be earlier
I just wanted Singapore to be great and support other countries
So whoever this is, they have fully changed my prospective on the red wave
@Halau You have created something on the idle chat vote that should of been humiliated a year ago. It started with you voting Saint Barthélemy ahead of France, and then Réunion rose ahead of France, and now that inspired them to create a whole empire of French Territories all across the idle chat vote
By the time Niger hits Top 20 Georgia will probably be ahead of the United States
I mean for the past 2 years, so far he’s had a new live stream. So I expect to see a third one soon
RO: But when we first got in the universe, everything seemed fine until later on
Just vote like that for the next few weeks and you’ll be moved to the front
Nigeria is expected to Pass 1M growth and pass the US but im worried if I stop Nigeria will just fall right back to where they were before
At the rate Algeria is growing could they pass Singapore??? Or will Falkland Islands take the cake???
Probably the same dude that votes France on the IdleChatVote
Doesn’t matter because even if my accounts get glitched on the live stream I will always come back for more
Could we colonize the idle vote and make it British?
Oh yeah btw keep the Pics coming in. By the time you run out, Utonish will already be dead🔥
China becomes the second country to pass 1B points, and the third item to do so!🔥
He was the only true friend I had back in the PAP days
Just pause the live stream on that tab and make sure nothing else is running
He just wants things to be simple. And in the end, that’s what he’s got. He put work in keeping the stability and making sure nothing goes wrong, and it has worked in the end
Oh you are a friend of Chispa, nvm I might of mistaken you then
That’s nice, also do you dislike any nations on the idle vote?
This one? https://youtu.be/E244tv1lGHI?si=eOfpE925y7hsQHOY
Yeah but obviously that failed and now that section is doomed to the reds
3/19 - Α 4.6 magnitude earthquake occurred near the Bermuda triangle region
And what I mean by pre-May levels is when the Philippines is behind Taiwan
# LOCAL POWERS (>1%)\n14. 🇳🇬 *Nigeria* \n***55,002** `= 0`*\n-# **1.336%** `- 0.011%`\n15. 🔼(+1)🇮🇱 *Israel*\n***52,275** `+ 793`*\n-# **1.270%** `+ 0.009%`\n16. 🔽(-1)🇰🇷 *South Korea* \n***52,073** `+ 205`*\n-# **1.265%** `- 0.005%`\n17. 🇦🇷 *Argentina* \n***48,200** `= 0`*\n-# **1.171%** `- 0.010%`\n18. 🇬🇺 *Guam* \n***46,811** `= 0`*\n-# **1.137%** `- 0.009%`\n19. 🇧🇾 *Belarus* \n***46,340** `+ 628`*\n-# **1.125%** `+ 0.006%`\n20. 🇾🇪 *Yemen* \n***45,297** `+ 1`*\n-# **1.100%** `- 0.009%`\n21. 🇭🇰 *Hong Kong* \n***45,193** `+ 90`*\n-# **1.098%** `- 0.007%`\n22. 🇰🇿 *Kazakhstan* \n***44,565** `+ 330`*\n-# **1.082%** `- 0.001%`\n\n# RISING POWERS (>0.75%)\n23. 🔼(+1)🇺🇦 *Ukraine* \n***40,453** `+ 213`*\n-# **0.982%** `- 0.003%`\n24. 🔽(-1)🇵🇱 *Poland*\n***40,290** `= 0`*\n-# **0.978%** `- 0.008%`\n25. 🇯🇵 *Japan* \n***37,923** `+ 90`*\n-# **0.921% **`- 0.005%`\n26. 🇳🇷 *Nauru* \n***35,036** `+ 3`*\n-# **0.851%** `- 0.007%`\n27. 🇺🇸 *United States* \n***34,622** `+ 302`*\n-# **0.841%** `+ 0.001%`\n28. 🇮🇳 *India* \n***34,092** `+ 1,052`*\n-# **0.828%** `+ 0.019%`\n\n# PRETENDERS TO BE THE POWER (TOP 5)\n29. 🇷🇸 *Serbia*\n***30,041** `+ 34`*\n-# **0.730%** `- 0.005%`\n30. 🔼(+2)🇵🇰*Pakistan*\n***29,709**`+ 1,007`*\n-# **0.721%** `+ 0.019%`\n31. 🔽(-1)🇳🇱 *Netherlands* \n***29,615** `+ 100`*\n-# **0.719%** `- 0.003%`\n32. 🔽(-1)🇨🇳 *China* \n***29,573** `+ 82`*\n-# **0.718%** `+ 0.004%`\n33. 🇭🇷 *Croatia*\n***25,825** `+ 468`*\n-# **0.627%** `+ 0.006%`
If you want to mess with my operation like that then you better make Utonish ban me because I will just keep coming back
They will conquer Russia and later the rest of Europe and soon rival Andorra and Singapore to become the highest in votes and points
If today is not a new record, then I don’t know what is.
Réunion is set to become fastest growing French subject even ahead of France itself soon! France is growing 21,805 per second meanwhile Réunion is growing 21,506 and counting per second.
Wow it feels like I’m viewing this from the eyes of @Xtweak at this point
Especially I regret doing this in front of my own people like @iu mãi VN-A615 @danto veris
@Bosmium The red wave are now targeting India, and France and not Vietnam as much! Look at their dislike counts!
I will officially leave.. I don’t know when I will return. But I’m forever damned.
I was desperate for nothing, all because of me losing one of my best friends…
This fucking guy keeps coming back somehow I just wish he gets banned by Discord for once
WEEKLY TOP60 CHATVOTECOMBO RECAP! https://youtube.com/shorts/JFCTRk7NNMQ?si=5V7HzGUT5wvlj8xG
Hello again, I have made a Utonish Archive page relating to me, it is in development, and it will eventually cover the whole history of me on Utonish from the Dark ages to now! Check it out: https://www.archive.utonish.de/wiki/Kh%E1%BA%A3_N%C4%83ng
Well for some of them I tested, they got blocked by Utonish and it just transferred you to the previous session you had on another IP
I don’t really care because technology is technology. The government can do all they want to increase surveillance on us, but that won’t be enough to ruin our fun outside of technology.
Well I’m quite happy already with where Vietnam is on the country section
And I don't wanna do two days worth tomorrow or else thats pure torture
Ill definitely add more images though since theres only 2 images and like 10+ paragraphs💀
Then Singapore when Boston left counter attacked and reclaimed number 1
Honestly I’ve overlooked this, but like wtf is going on with the US and Canada. Everywhere is doing better(aside from some parts of the world) but here, it’s getting worse and worse.
The only problem is that he will create a new account and join here so it’s literally no point
If we include Milkshakes which are the only thing fucking good then 6 months ago
Surely this a dream in which I’m trapped in and Sonar is alive somewhere…
# My Favorite Countries Per African Region | Week 49\n\n## North Africa:\n1. `#33 `🇲🇦 **Morocco**\n❤️1,572 🔻-152\n2. `#63`🇩🇿 **Algeria**\n❤️1,212 :growth:+121\n3. `#101`🇪🇬 **Egypt**\n💚832 :growth2:+253\n\n## West Africa:\n1. `#60 `🇳🇬 **Nigeria**\n❤️1,241 :growth:+102\n2. `#105`🇱🇷 **Liberia**\n💚808 :growth2:+312\n3. `#110`🇸🇳 **Senegal**\n💚758 :growth2:+338\n\n## Central Africa:\n1. `#80`🇨🇲 **Cameroon**\n❤️1,043 :growth:+198\n2. `#135 `🇬🇦 **Gabon**\n❤️594 :growth:+157\n3. `#171`🇬🇶 **Equatorial Guinea**\n❤️239 +58\n\n## East Africa:\n1. `#44`🇪🇹 **Ethiopia**\n❤️1,413 +10\n2. `#61`🇺🇬 **Uganda**\n💚1,233 :growth:+227\n3. `#66`🇰🇪 **Kenya**\n❤️1,179 :growth:+196\n\n## Southern Africa:\n1. `#114`🇰🇲 **Comoros**\n💚739 :growth2:+335\n2. `#122`🇲🇺 **Mauritius**\n💚694 :growth2:+267\n3. `#134`🇷🇪 **Réunion**\n💚603 :growth:+226
For a little bit but I think they got tired of the limit and quit
I genuinely feel bad to everyone who were put down because of bots
While the Philippines era might be over, I sense the start an amazing era just kicking off.
Well you two are the only reason why im not literally doing what I did like Nigeria with like 50k votes a day
Now the best Singapore got I believe was 6th place when I first voted them!
Your right about that one☝️\nBut that was like 2-3 years ago
You know what I’m not here to rival Canada or anything, I’m just here to get Singapore to 500k votes and that’s it
Russia is currently the 5th fastest growing country in Europe and 31st in the entire country section
Nah not really, Vietnam has good economic ties with China but yeah let’s not talk about the South Chin- I mean East Vietnamese Sea✅
If yall want GCAT to continue growing, you guys need to do something or else this server will die. Nova cannot do it alone and definitely won’t without your guys help. So be an example on this server and please do something for the people!
HELL NAH, I’m not really the debate type of guy lol
They might have a chance because Karavase might help Shane
At least 1/4 of my points probably went towards Germany so far
Getting each country to 500k growth and Top 20 to even more insane growth
I’m sorry if you wanted me to comeback, but it’s just not best for me.
So even if they tried to mass dislike Nigeria again, they wouldn’t be able to because Utonish is constantly keeping surveillance on the Idle Vote and will immediately ban anyone that try’s to bot
Today, October 2nd 2025, the Singaporean era of domination… comes to a close.
Also who tf would name there account “PoTenTiaL” cuz that’s not me
THE PHILIPPINES GETS ANOTHER 100K COMBO! Congratulations @userdev_ for this incredible achievement
Since Utonish has been taken over, all you have to do is cut off the support to the idle vote and thus AIFA is defeated
People can create channels in which people can utilize to use the moving channel option up above
Bruh surprised the fuck out of me when he posted that report
It’s a tight race between Philippines, Vietnam, China, and South Korea so will see
Nobody would of thought that people like him would be like that, but we were all wrong
At this point, let’s just make those 3 contestants all admins and call it a month
He would take care of Nigeria and DR Congo meanwhile I focus on Niger and other African nations
I mean I’ve known that forever now so this confirms it
Yeah ikr, like I heard too much about Raman, like I get it
Oh dude let’s not talk about the amount of plans I have for the idle vote in June
Like it’s been so long since the “Real PAP” was active
Botswana has been moved to becoming the next runner up after Senegal
I’m was fucking tired yesterday believe me. I understand Daniel, I promise to continue showing a good example for yall
He has caused me to become a villain more than 100 times
Its weird to think about, but its just these images all of a sudden have flooded my head. Just like back in 2015 before all of this drama with Russia began, imagining a world in which this never happened, I just think about a time when I can just cross the bridge separating our worlds, and see what its like. Maybe one day...
You basically help us pay the bills required to run the whole project
AIFA is also closing down Iraq from the public until AIFA fully counters the red wave presence there
But for me it seems, my whole life at this point revolves around this unanswered question. What am I doing that is wrong? You can manage it better than me because you have the ability to but for me I don’t, and I always result to having fun to block it. It often times works but at this moment I just cannot seem to wrap my head around it.
Ok sounds good Daniel, if things do change, we are always with you Daniel. If anything I would come to your city. It’s a symbol of hope in my heart. A symbol of stability and peace. I wish for the best if there is still some left.
I don’t think Canada will pass Singapore in points anytime soon
Fun Fact: Burkina Faso is the only ACS member to have Negative points
But again the loops gets in the way of that, idek what that means, and erases that thought.
# ADIZZPRO IS LIVE STREAMING THE US-VENZUELA SITUATION \nhttps://www.youtube.com/live/HfC5KOOsuBI?si=QO9sLvIsQKwUkwF9
And you’re being delusional about yourself being delusional thinking that he’s delusional about that your being sarcastic
RO: We didn’t use it because we used the Time Machine instead
Togo and Comoros isn’t apart of any of these counsels but they are still observer states to NAFA
VIETNAM’S LIKE COUNT HAS PASSED SINGAPORES VOTE COUNT ON THE CHATVOTECOMBO!
So yeah of course the chances will be higher for me
Japan has just passed Wallis and Futuna and Mayotte!
Well yeah but I never had anything to do with the rise of PAP
Sorry just added flags to all of my presentations lol
### Privacy and Security: iPhone Is More Reliable\n\nApple has consistently marketed itself as a privacy-focused company, and iPhones include a range of features designed to protect user data. Apple doesn’t sell user data to advertisers, and iOS gives users more transparency and control over app permissions and data access.\n\nAndroid, being more open, is more susceptible to malware and data exploitation—especially on cheaper devices with less frequent updates. While Google has worked hard to improve Android’s security, the open nature of the platform makes it more vulnerable than Apple’s tightly controlled system.
But whatever it was PAP was extremely powerful back then
This is seen as a betrayal to NIFA as Botswana was one of the core members of NIFA
@Halau You can now figure out who gained dislikes today
This year it was Jamal Roberts which unironically is my name
Meanwhile @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Will do the weekly list
Nah nvm I’m retired from the Combo anyway so it doesn’t really matter
But you didn’t want to extend their influence making people even more angry
Me neither just don’t associate me and Nigeria with it
If you say this again tomorrow, I swear im gonna crash out
@userdev_ For now, you should probably report this to YouTube and see if YouTube can fix it and maybe you can transfer again. Let me know if YouTube says anything and if they will fix it for you
Good night, stop saying that because I didn’t call you bruh
I have no issues with you, I keep telling you that over and over and you think I do. Idk why you think that because all I’m asking of you to do is be fair to others. I’m not threatening you.
This is the highest record growth of any country besides Singapore this year so far!
But it kind of makes it like Utonish’s other streams like the GDP one
@Karotten Btw fun fact, the item with the most points on the ComboVote isn’t even in the country section
I better get to this show because India is gonna pass Pakistan soon
He’s gonna keep voting but Singapore and Falklands will continue growing faster than Indonesia
Well my series gonna remain the same since it always have since I first started tracking it all the way back in like 2015
@Utonish Why don’t you just ban me from this server if you hate me so much
Nova said I will be allowed to come back in October
https://youtube.com/shorts/tJ1jauebAwQ?si=KcJbmLN1sc9kwMQJ
And then later he realized that this live stream is powered by a website
Utonish unfortunately isn’t gonna do anything about it, btw they are the same people who voted Israel
Lmao if anything I would be the one running his career(No offense)
Alr I have combined the Idle Vote as well so check it out!
Because as it turns out VPN doesn’t even work at all
Since the Idle Chat Vote was driven because of my botting
PoTenTiaL: Hopefully Georgia isn’t involved with these captures
Moldova is actually underrated despite the whole Transnistria/Gagausia situation
Since the vote ranks are drastically different from point ranks
Denis happens to be more mature than me despite being older
So I will vote 700 everyday until I somehow lose my streak
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Great past two days. I voted 4.8k on the combo yesterday and I got 8 hours of sleep + another 1.1k on the ChatVote World Cup as a bonus.
At this point, hate speech is banned in basically all of these countries preventing anyone from disliking or even outright criticizing each other
This whole time I thought Israel was attacked by the red wave, well they sort of were which is why they used to gained some dislikes, but ever since this unknown person showed up, they made Israel explode in dislikes, and is now making Antarctica explode in likes
I never thought in a million years this would be possible but thanks to your guys’ commitment into making the community great again, we have overpowered the once prevalent PAP
Actually I was considering that since the new logo matches Utonish’s style a bit so it would make sense to use it for projects we make, and the old logo for other purposes.
So we’ve got more people wanting to beat Indonesia this week
BUT, if you repeatedly mess up on purpose, that could result in a punishment
Nigeria was irrelevant but now its a force to reckon with
If you'd be doing this when your at school, youd probably be getting F's
If you compare the background melody of this song with the guitar solo at the end of Спокойная ночь then they match
Yes you do manipulate. So does everyone here. Isn’t that obvious. Nobody believes me anymore. Eventually that may be you if you’re not careful.
Since he has a completely different attitude from you
I think if we consider Algeria as not apart of NIFA then they would be Alan Chikin Chow
You know what guys, I've been trying to reduce my botting in general and it has worked. Eventually its gonna be at net zero. But because of this situation, I think its time to end this.
Monthly Idle Chat Vote Recap | Streaks Recap Week 1
Keep transferring but don’t do it too much that’s all I ask
In terms of lifetime: #2\nIn terms of real favorites: #10-20
@Utonish I have a proposal for you which I will discuss with you on Saturday or Sunday
Thanks for the suggestions, all your templates are done!
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I’m officially coming back today.
RO: Hold on a second all the votes are set to 222,222???
And also Nigeria is going to pass Singapore whether you like it or not
As to everyone here. I’m sorry to every single one of you here for having to deal with my outrage at a stupid number game. I don’t know if you guys will ever forgive me but I’m willing to change for the better even if there are bumps in the road, and I’ll ensure that we have a safe community to share together. Once again sorry about yesterday.
But I don’t wanna overstretch my influence like I did with AIFA and then get overwhelmed
And then maybe in June is when the big show will happen
This is the perfect environment to express our opinions
I was one of the original American voters lol when the chat vote first started
Btw don’t tell PoTenTiaL I’ll renaming this account to Caucasian is the best
@Karotten I will start a Germany vs Nigeria recap tomorrow lol
Oh in case your wondering, the OFN originally the TNO(The New Order) had a plan to have a break in June until August
Now that I think about it, the main reason why Philippines has over 500k is because of how mad I was at TW
A dream in which I can be in peace with what I love
PAP: Because if we do then we have a secret weapon.
If you all ever want to participate on the XP Leaderboard, just use one account
They have passed Sierra Leone thus putting them #19
It went in the grave for a couple hours and was resurrected
Without Indonesia 1st, I could probably see Spain and Vietnam still having their rivalry and would become second and third respectively
@Nova 2016 2018 Please don't abuse your mod powers here or I will get rid of any votes you add
Remember guys, I am with you guys, it’s just I cannot disclose anything anti-Trump or I could get in trouble
Well yeah since I don’t know Bengali but I’m just giving you an example
Otherwise the powers list would be different all together
YOU WOULD GO AS FAR AS TO RED WAVE THEM TO LOVE THEM🔥
But look at my images to make sure you got it correct
It’s a balance between the 800 Shadowban and Utonish’s one account policy
Yeah he has made multiple iterations but with fewer countries
Like I know Utonish knows about them, but he cannot really do anything about it unless he knows for sure.
Mali and Controversial Botswana are next up in line to admitted into NIFA. Botswana is quite controversial due to NIFA’s past main purpose was to rival Botswana. Despite this Botswana is on track to become one of NIFA’s next members.
It’s honestly crazy to think that the very first Top 1 country on the ChatVoteCombo was Vietnam
Just layer it above that one you adjust the opacity
ANOTHER PREMIERE COMING UP! https://youtu.be/_QRAPnnPYDE?si=Wj0peqpSy2oxETAd
Why yall want me to stop voting Niger so badly lol, my goal with Niger is to hopefully get it to 1 or 2T
@GCAT Citizen Just to let you all know, don’t worry about TW because that asshole is gonna get her wish soon. So don’t worry about anything because I got it under control.
This is basically the final big project that I will do in this community before I drop out completely
Ok well will see what happens they might probably just get banned again
I don’t want to neglect one thing and then have to fix the program to make it work again
Sure we might of lost our small little combo and all that BUT THE BIGGEST IS TOO FAR
Ah makes sense so you don’t have to see a frozen stream lol
Ok this is it, I’m gonna end up crashing out and then causing more destruction. I’m done today. This is all a trick by Sonar to make me crash out and I’m not falling for it. You did your best Sonar but that’s it. I’m gonna make my exit for today and I’ll come back tomorrow.
Utonish temporarily sets all the votes to 0 for a day
Also technically Guinea is also a Military Junta but they aren’t going to be apart of CoSahel.
All I have to do is bring Georgia up to 97k likes and they will be tied with Lithuania
Also speaking of Spain, they have passed 20T like earlier today
And thus Singapore resets back to where they started
I will be releasing Monthly recaps along with Weekly tonight
Well tomorrow is recap day and will see if the Idle chat vote will get one
@GCAT Citizen Updated #ℹ️◄𝖦𝖢𝖠𝖳◍𝖱𝗎𝗅𝖾𝗌►ℹ️ make sure to read them carefully. Also let me know if there are any mistakes!
That just saved me another trip to hell on this app
Sure it might be a waste of time but it will help with a lot
True but trying to frame them will just increase China’s votes
Bro pulled off a 9/11 reference and thought no one would notice💀
@GCAT Citizen \n# I have excellent news!\nSo first of all I want to address the current state of the ChatVoteCombo. So with the latest update that Utonish has rolled out to the combo, now you can vote for whatever country you want without having to start over again and can now offer so many possibilities on the combo.\nSecond of all, me and Daniel have been experimenting with cross-channel sharing where we share different channels with one another and with that, have access to each others combos. Now the only problem with that is we are still limited to 800 votes per day which is unfortunate, So use that wisely! \n\n# So now to the news, \nSo I will be launching a global combo that every single one of y'all can access and vote whatever country you guys want without having to worry about a small combo or anything, and heres how it will work.\n1. Go to #🗳️◄𝖦𝗅𝗈𝖻𝖺𝗅◍𝖢𝗈𝗆𝖻𝗈►🌎-temporarily-closed and share your email address in a private thread to us Admin.\n2. We will grant you access to the global combo\n3. Use it! (Remember 800 votes per day only for everyone)\n4. Let us know in #🗳️◄𝖦𝗅𝗈𝖻𝖺𝗅◍𝖢𝗈𝗆𝖻𝗈►🌎-temporarily-closed when you will use it so that way people know you are using it.\n\nBefore I launch this, I will be pushing the global combo to around 40-50k in combo points and then I will launch for yall to use!
Oh the same thing, about our GCAT led project in 2026
Ok yup it’s MZGamer I can confirm because they are actively liking Pakistan too
AE: Well it would be the 2027 of our timeline. Because we changed our timeline, our timeline’s 2027 is now the 2027 timeline.
Us this is usually where you’d get shadowed but nope not here
@Utonish I know you may not like this idea but it would be cool to see people’s combo on the Leaderboard!
I’m just gonna give up at this point because they aren’t gonna stop
He had a good life ahead not too long ago but he has lost it over a stupid voting game.
Utonish even made a poll in regards to nerfing them and everyone choose -50%
I’ve been just focusing on not covering Singapore too much and instead covering other countries since as we all know Singapore is botting, end of story.
@Halau Luckily I didn’t vote Russia a lot this week so your lucky
Did these guys just gain 43 dislikes in one update????
@Utonish I have an idea for your livestreams. Would you mind maybe changing the music for the livestreams because we keep hearing the same stuff over and over again. Like maybe adding more songs or changing it entirely?
Singapore and Indonesia without PAP and Bayu will probably remain stagnant for a while
Once Israel stops gaining dislikes, AIFA will be in full hibernation until next year
Russia is currently the fastest growing growth country on the whole country section!
Actually after Georgia which is after the countries I mentioned
If this is true than somehow whoever is supporting Antarctica is behind the attacks on Israel
But I will still be tracking streaks as there is still a huge tie between multiple countries
Doesn’t matter because I’m gonna restart my operations starting now
Boston wasn’t viewed as a major threat by PAP and in fact supported Boston
North Korea finally passes Israel to become the fastest declining nation as Israel slowly declines less from NIFA and OECD offensives
Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up ! Shut the fuck up !
NBA is lucky because he only has one account he uses of often
I have already made it clear whoever is behind these attacks on our democracy is a criminal in this universe
Hello everyone, I will finally doing weekly video reports again which will be posted on the GCAT Global Channle(Yes the same one that I vote on) Stay tuned!
They even went a step further by naming their alt “Destructor of Georgia”
Because sometimes people try to capture screenshots on the wayback machine and it actually for some reason captures the previous screenshot taken
Starting today im going to start capturing the Top 80 as well
Brazil also started to rise at around the same time in hopes of defeating Falkland Islands
And then you add the 10M+ votes I added to the Idle Vote, that’s around 12M+ votes
If you vote Georgia I will definitely help you when you get them 1st
I’m not here to become a selfish little brat when like PAP once was
If you kept voting Falkland Islands, it would of been third by now
Well you. Hah your business sure means something here then
If you can push them all then you will achieve greatness
Dude Nigeria is so close to hitting 700k, i swear If I don't finish this im gonna miss it
I don’t want the same thing to happen again with Israel.
Btw don't worry about the :fire9: Values on the right because I couldn't properly calculate last yerars growth to this years, so just exclude that from view
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 Really doesn’t like it @🔥Maypi The Tiki Taka Great🌏 doesn’t like it, everyone here doesn’t like it
Georgia will be passed by the Philippines soon hehehehe
The full update will include every subdivision but this will only go for the Top 10 countries
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 What do you think about the list?
But it will be remembered by only me because I still have tons of screenshots of Nigeria at 1M.
With that rate, they could possibly pass Türkiye soon
No man this is totally real, just look at the points it’s the same as that on the website
It’s just so bad to see this continuously happening
And by then I will have a big enough combo to fight
@userdev_ THE PHILIPPINES IS THE THIRD NATION TO PASS 400K VOTES🔥
Japan also seems to be a slight concern as the Red Wave continues to gain dislikes in hopes of putting them back red.
They voted the very country I once voted and somehow succeeded what I failed to do
RO: Good it looks to be on target to hit the Mothership
Hello Tmupod, long time man. I hope you are doing well! Btw I’m PoTenTiaL if you remember
With all that drama out of the way, I will be releasing the official Medal count for the chat vote tomorrow, sorry for the inconvenience.
Because eventually there would be so many phrases and I wonder how he would organize it
I feel you, I would feel the same way if Utonish banned the combos I spent all of my time on
us I feel so hopeful about the future of Utonish all of a sudden
# I’m officially founding the Vietnamese Association of Utonish which will include @iu mãi VN-A615 Danto and other Vietnamese voters that want to join!
I don’t wanna catch another fucking moment of you botting ever again?\n# YOU HEAR ME?\nI will re add Chile next week, but if I or anyone catches you botting again, I will not add Chile back ever again.
But, since you guys hate the fact I vote with 10 accounts, after 6.2T I will decrease the amount of accounts used to only 1-3
Another big thing Vietnam has grown by 7.4K which is the fastest growth recorded so far in the history of the report since 2015
So if your wondering why im “assumably” voting on two platforms at the same time that’s why
Also im sick and tired of your alliance, don’t bring it up again or I’m going to declare war on them
And Germany is hungry for Revenge against Indonesia soon
Obviously I don’t want to pass Romania and that’s not my goal at the moment
I’m pretty sure they were voting Canada like 3 days ago
My goat is finally dropping music soon! https://www.instagram.com/p/DQcd7aKD2s2/?igsh=NTc4MTIwNjQ2YQ==
Erledigt! Ich habe es erstellt! (this is obviously translate)
So what I recommend if you want to use two accounts at once, is do it on a separate device that uses a different IP address and uses a completely separate account that doesn’t look the same and uses a different time interval so that way Utonish looks at the database and sees nothing suspicious
But first I want one thing from y’all, can we get my Yearly Chat Vote Recap up to 1k views first by telling your friends or family to watch! Much appreciated from y’all and I’ll see you guys in the videos on Thursday and Friday!
Oh yeah, I usually get rid of them everyday for the IdleVote and yeah, unfortunately that didn’t work either
This is actually the lowest Indonesia was in a recap so far
“Good luck then?”\nYou don’t seem to see the problem at hand do you?
No wonder why in the US theres so many durian fruits available during that time
Bruh after the release of the idle chat vote, the chat vote has been dead lol
Anyway I will see you later, aka tomorrow for you:)
Now theres a new history of the idle vote visual! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/18580368/
I ask with all the available and observable universe there is to ban the whole Utonish universe from existence and bring everyone to a grass field so they can touch grass. No way I can find everything I just said🇸🇬🇮🇩🇵🇹🇧🇷🇬🇷🇧🇦🇷🇺🇯🇵🇧🇷🇵🇱🇮🇱🇺🇸🇳🇮🇻🇳🇮🇷❌👍
NIGERIA 3T POINTS! https://youtube.com/shorts/1ebsKRK5JDs?si=osV6p2S6ShFbs1JV
I just cannot believe I would make something like this
Also ngl their flag almost like the flag of the Brazilian state of Acre
Or I’m talking about did you ever ban the Mack Freeman account
And then they also disliked Japan which made them red a couple of times
I will be switching up my tactic as I said starting later today
The Country section of the idle vote has officially passed 20M likes!
@everyone \n# My Official Statement about Sonar and Mango\nI along with the rest of the community have tried to work with Sonar and Mango and it has gone nowhere. So I want to say one thing. **WE WILL NOT TOLERATE THIS TYPE OF BEHAVIOR IN GCAT ANYMORE, AND IF YOU WANT TO ACT LIKE THIS, LEAVE GCAT NOW AND DO IT ELSEWHERE.** I cannot stand this happening anymore and seeing our work go to waste everytime this happens. So with that being said Sonar and Mango will be banned from participating in GCAT for a week and if they continue, we may result to permanently ban them from GCAT altogether.
Just be careful on what you name your channels because YouTube sometimes gets suspicious when you name your channels the same thing
You hate Nigeria because they are poor. That’s not all what they are. You hate Egypt because are poor, again that’s not all of what they are. And NOW YOU HATE INDIA BECAUSE THEY ARE POOR.
Calm down bro Singapore was inactive for like a year and a half, don’t worry they will become inactive one day again and you’ll have fulfill your wishes of making Indonesia #1 forever
coolguy99💀 idk who tf that is but they came outta nowhere this week in the Top 60
Sure the Philippines will experience slower growth for a little bit IF I lose my combos but the Philippines will always come back, no matter what happens, no matter what it takes, even a full account wide ban won’t stop me or nba for making the Philippines great! Isang Bagsak! If one falls, everyone falls. If we work together we will achieve something great.
I love flying to Atlanta everyday seeing all of the Caucasian Males like you
Oh yeah and believe me, I will not take advantage of this new chat vote, in fact, if you wish, make the people you trust as moderators and we can secure the new chat vote from potential cheaters, and prevent the chat vote from becoming what it is now.
I’m not a theorist but Utonish has the most hilarious ideas
By the end of this month, the Idle Vote country section will be fully green
Like the Utonish recaps it will be a weekly recap that will be based off of changes until 12:00 AM Japan Time.
3/25 - Nothing was found unusual however but NIFA still holds suspicions about the Atlantic region
It’s time for Canada’s dominance to end and for a new Singapore era to thrive.
So basically here’s AIFA’s plans for 2025\n1. Establish under control red zones across the country section that’s not influenced by the Red Wave and others and nerf/buff countries. I might even establish white zones which you can decide on that country’s fate\n2. Dramatically change the placements on the country section once in awhile\n3. Limit a country’s position in number 1 fastest growing\n4. (This applies to point 2) Only change if the leaderboard hasn’t changed in awhile and there’s no interaction, since it depends on your interaction with the countries
But nevertheless the last time I had ramen was about a year ago
Is I know. Today I’m actually feeling great. I woke up feeling motivated and energized the second I woke up.
It’s not the best idea but with the introduction of weekly updates, will change that system overtime
Well it’s no wonder why Bosmium is so high on the PP leaderboard
Dedication to them for keeping it legitimate since the start
Who would have thought that GCAT would collapse. It’s just insane that an insane figure like nova who valued peace would just do this to us.
NEW VIDEO OUT NOW! https://youtu.be/IyCV2sOF7Ek?si=EWiwH9fPlB1VyWJ8
Today will be the day of judgement whether or not ill be able to cross the 800 line
Even though it’s been an amazing year outside, it hasn’t been to great here.
But remember the OFN is one unit, so all of the Branches of the OFN is basically one country
I will also reduce my votes for South Korea and the US since I don't have much time to vote
Yeah in case your wondering yes I released a new track which is available on all music streaming platforms!
An Ever Evolving PoTenTiaL VS The universally unbreakable Utonish
Weekly ChatVoteCombo Recap! https://youtu.be/BxikoJvU1DA?si=YC8D0C2ybanSGv3p
I’ve left it awhile ago so I’m lucky I’ve been gone for over a year now
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/7xaWn-yyqZs?si=8jNyMEYQinq1hiqM
Just a continuation of the BOT Chapter 2 Season 2 lore
Actually if you can vote for like 2k per day and gain a lot of attention on the idle vote, then you could possibly get your country ahead a couple of spots in the line
Just be happy that you can now vote other countries now without losing your combo
He’s probably pissed at me for abandoning Singapore
Yeah I know to you @Unknown that imaginary numbers are actually numbers that aren’t real. Well yes they aren’t real and they are indeed imaginary and this is used to depict certain things in math as invalid like for example finding an x-intercept of say a quadratic function if you know what that is and there’s actually no x-intercept since it doesn’t touch the x axis and that’s a way of getting an imaginary number.
South Georgia Islands is now growing faster than Colombia!
Speaking of Malaysia, PAP has a history of hating Malaysia
It’s like the opposite coast away from where I actually live☠️
The Singapore-Indonesia Alliance has to probably be the most op alliance on the chat vote
If that’s true, Türkiye could possibly be dethroned in like 80-100 days from now based on your calculations
Damn why did you like that, you could have just said “Can we create two lists instead?”
Although the emojis dont work here so thats why its like that
I mean besides the Vietnam war, why do you hate the US so much
RO: Look at it, it contains the same numbers but in a different order
No because otherwise I will lose trust basically everyone here except you lol
Not really im talking about if I have time to do it
Well I plan on getting Guinea next into the Top 60 as well
So like their place of origin will be the one to show but in their stats will show all the countries that the person contributed to
I mentioned to her about the whole banning thing and she put me off like I’m a fucking ghost
Yeah I mean you have the highest combo out of everyone on the ComboVote so no wonder…
Dont try to cause an argument, I just stated my opinion
I know for sure they have an end goal and after that they will stop
Ok so let’s add these rules in so this doesn’t happen again
Remember even with Singapore as first, I still rule the Chat Vote no matter what lmao
I mean I wasn’t expecting Vietnam to become a focal point in Utonish history but here we are again.
Nigeria is most voted country in sub Saharan Africa
When the ComboVote combos get bigger let’s add them to this list
Because as we’ve seen, those Antarcticans are unpredictable and can perform huge purges of dislikes on random countries without my knowledge
1. Alabama is now tied with Georgia in likes\n2. Delaware is now white\n3. Ohio is still red
Guys stay tuned for the first daily Combo report in awhile!
I don’t if anyone will forgive me for all the atrocities I have committed
Ok then please don’t cause problems with @iu mãi VN-A615 for something so stupid
I am supporting Vietnam meanwhile hes supporting Serbia
@Halau Also don’t forget to add your favorite countries! #deleted-channel
They are basically the two cutest twins that Argentina wants to take over
Also 7. If they vote another country that country will also get banned too
For the first time since 2021 Singapore has made it to the first column!
Because when I was capturing Singapores rise when PAP was voting them for the first time, the new music was already playing
@Denis Yeah yeah whatever I have 80 more years to live to believe that
And of course, when you have fun, that’s all that matters. Just don’t take it personally
Yeah, it will cause geopolitics to be more multi-polar
Well I mean there’s nothing going on right now so I’m fine
# EVERYONE, I WANT YOU TO FOCUS ALL POWER ON GERMANY. WE CANNOT LET THE RED WAVE WIN
And once we get a proper knowledge on hosting we can figure out how we can pay for it
And if they dare to touch Georgia then youve got PEACH and NIFA
Bro it’s literally 3 AM rn lol and I’m getting taunted
You should understand my point though. Ever since I stopped voting Singapore this guy has been on it about making them great again, and it’s not gonna work with the way he’s been acting.
@Benyi Pratam after voting SG for 2 years and a half
I’m not gonna rival Türkiye, I’m just doing my own thing
Never would I thought this would result in backlash by who ever is doing this
Histoy of the whole chatvote since 2023! Took me awhile but this is my biggest project since making the idle vote projections! https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/16172513/
It doesn’t matter, anyway I’ll let you guys request any song for next week
Bruh I swear I am liking Vietnam and somehow they fell below Germany
Ok as I see it, somehow Mango got blamed for pinging everyone in Caucasian’s server even though I didn’t really receive the ping lol, and it started out as a joke and apparently it spiraled out of control when Maypi was pinged and Mango blamed it on 7Star which brought him into the situation, then Caucasian and Maypi crashed out at Mango which made him upset making him regret his life choices and then it got spread here and Mango lost it, so I timed him out for an hour. Kinda reminds me of a couple of my times I crashed out over ridiculous things. So I just wanna say that it’s hard to understand how other people feel in this harsh world of uncertainty, but at least just acknowledge the other person’s perspective and how they are feeling so we don’t have to worry about another incident like this again. Got it?
The members of ACS will be all NIFA members plus most observer states minus Cote D’Ivore, Republic of the Congo, Guinea-Bissau, and the Gambia who are still observer states of NIFA and are apart of any of the NIFA councils. Additionally those states are still in the process of joining this new structure.
@Utonish \n# Ongoing botting operation in Yemen\nI know you may not look at this but if you do, can you please take action against Yemen because they are constantly botting. They have gained a ton of votes lately without being stopped. If you need visual evidence we will send you it here. All we ask for you to do is ban the accounts that are voting Yemen and ban any future ones that may appear to vote Yemen using a bot. Thank you and have a great day!
My dumbass made it a bear because that’s what I thought it was
Once you achieve that will be an additional 57,000 votes
So @Utonish are you sure your calculating the growth right?
But for 100% confirmed reveals, Me and Jackie are the only ones that have face revealed
PoTenTiaL: But whoever he was, they got Andorra all the way to 7th before you did but, you came back and brought them to 2nd behind Nigeria which is insane
Also sorry if the weekly idle chat vote is taking forever because the file literally got corrupted so I have to restore the whole thing.
No action to document so yeah I’m just gonna let the idle vote do it’s thing
You were too dedicated that Utonish noticed and got you removed from the Top 60 before the recap came out
Ok fine your not Benyi, but don’t act stupid like him
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=IEGNBRz-qiQ&si=p4lL_P5oVymjLUvI\n\n“Everyone may hurt, cry, lie, dream, or doubt, but in the end we all dance together in the end.” - PoTenTiaL
I’m remember the US when they were beating every other country
Dude just copy and paste it so you don’t need to type it in
Nope but you would lose out on all the valuable points thought that more valuable combo players have
I think the same about Vietnam! We might of done bad stuff but nevertheless we moved on from that and we love each other now
Btw SARC is the South Asian Regional Council aka this universe’s version of India, Pakistan, etc.
Why do you think im here to embarass you. I meant I was gonna vote Ph on the combo again soon
So if some of your valuable combos were on the 25% of them, well unfortunately you have lost them for good
How about you vote Georgia instead of disliking ChatGPT😔
And you could of kept going and passed Algeria and even PAP since PAP was on their break
That timeline is based on the story we made long ago
# THE WHOLE COUNTRY SECTION IS NOW POSITIVE AGAIN\nLet’s see how long this lasts
WEEKLY TOP60 IDLECHATVOTE COUNTRY RECAP https://youtube.com/shorts/ScHS5fBR79o?si=og9rJTL-XigCVzaN
3/30 - China’s economy booms after increased trade with its ADP members
We have discussed with Liberia, Mauritania and Western Sahara about admissions into the observer association of the Western African Counsel but they have refused to join thus leaving them out.
I don’t know why I thought of using the Free Russia flag for even though it’s not even official to begin with. I don’t know what I was thinking
3/20 - NIFA invents a new method for housing which could reduce the overall crowding in their country
We have a powerful Africa, now we can create a powerful America
Excluding AIFA however, Sudan has the best Likes/Dislikes ratio in Africa outside of AIFA
Yeah I tried that though but it recognizes me eventually
Oh well, it’s not the outcome you’re looking for but I will eventually find the answer to all of this.
AIFA is technically a cheating group but that doesn’t mean we want to be like Germany was
But if you don’t stop your bullshit by then, you have changed for the worse
That’s why nations like Falkland Islands and DR Congo and many more rose the leaderboard because of the constant war against the Red Wave
K I’m up to a combo of 7, the highest combo I’ve achieved so far since 2 weeks ago
And second of all because of that, it has basically become my hub for botting
*Algeria later passed Turkiye and Turkiye fell further down*
Pretty soon I see Indonesia maybe taking fourth place
During a time of constant chaos has now consolidated to one point, a singularity if you will, on one country, and it had to be the one where it all began for me
Honestly Idc, if we get more votes or less time thats fine
But if your doing Combo then that’s the obvious option
That’s because it also includes movements in Asia which align with the European movements too
Since NBA is actually in the Philippines and I’m of course in San Francisco
The next country I will begin to vote next year(if a new live stream comes) is\n# Vietnam\nChương mới trong lịch sử \nThe final chapter of my time here will begin soon.
Once again I’m sorry to every single one of y’all that I made everyone go through my suffering
And we were the ones that created the coalition against the dislikers
What are you talking about, we were making fun of the State of Georgia
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/13jB1BNwSBXAMRoyprg9JZ5mdl9B9L6RKHLniV6AUHdI/edit?usp=sharing
“Bye all, I go to sleep, good luck and be safe! Have a nice day or evening wherever you are and I wish the best for y’all.”
In the end we all strive for the same things in the end
I can send you a template spreadsheet that you can use
San Francisco, California, United States of America🦅
They are the first red countries that aren’t targeted by the red wave.
I noticed how much you have become more like me, but the only thing you don’t have is a formidable alliance that can actually do damage
Những lời bạn nói nghe quen thuộc quá. Tôi cũng từng nghĩ như vậy. Mình sẽ nhận được gì từ việc này? Kết quả sẽ ra sao? Nhưng mục đích thực sự, tất cả đều phụ thuộc vào bạn.
Also @userdev_ are you gonna vote Philippines on the ComboVote?
After that, the sun would start acting up and seemingly growing bigger and bigger causing global temperatures to rise and a new disease known as Solar-Schizophrenia(SSD) to spread world wide. Ultimately a new world war would begin between nations infected by the (SSD) and the rest of the OFN. The OFN would win when a solar dome was constructed around the sun to prevent the sun from further expanding and cool it down, and ultimately the SSD nations would fall.
Because at any moment Germany could pass Vietnam again
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap by Utonish https://youtube.com/shorts/O3x0PalMRSM?si=IIkbHYXC4UhUqtfV
And Russia is currently the fastest declining nation on the entire site declining at −413,267 per second which is around 37k below India's growth so beware Indians they are closing in on your guys growth and will soon declining faster then anyones growth on the entire site
If they continue roaming around they will convert the whole idle vote red
I’ll tell you once this operation with Botswana is done
Nigeria officially holds the third best weekly record behind Israel and Singapore
Umm @Utonish Idk if it’s me or I think whenever you vote with some random account it goes through but the vote doesn’t count for country. Hopefully I’m not in trouble…
You know what, I hate when people talk shit about me and this is a prime example of that
@Utonish I am sorry for everything I have done to you. I will cut back on my operations by at least over 75% starting today to make things fair in the chat vote. Also I don't hate you in anyway, in fact you are doing the right thing by preventing cheating and I 100% support you on that! Whatever you do or say I will gladly follow you for now on. Much love Utonish from USA! 🇺🇸 ❤️ 🇯🇵
So by 2027 will see who will actually get to 1M combo
Nah I think he’s being sarcastic because he could of just voted Botswana
I couldn’t agree more, but the thing we hate the most is the red wave
And then you select the new channel, this is not the exact name I put it but you get the point
And apparently there are two Singaporean voters now
Lastly @Caucasian @Karotten and @Jackie The Wirtz 🇭🇰🇳🇱🇩🇪 make sure to manage the elections forms here on #👨‍💼◄𝖫𝖾𝖺𝖽𝖾𝗋𝗌𝗁𝗂𝗉◍𝖠𝗉𝗉𝗅𝗂𝖼𝖺𝗍𝗂𝗈𝗇►🧑‍💼 and on the Google Form and actively help out those who are running in September by creating a channel dedicated for them and giving them access to write their statements! Make sure to do this by the end of this month and you guys will begin the election process on the 7th of September! Anyway that’s all.
I went from 339k votes all the way to 343k. So I’m making progress but very slowly
Actually, Stage 2 and 3 won't be like Stage 1, it will kind of slide off of Top 20 and so on
I don't guarantee he usually responds but he actually did!
So until you realize your wrong doings, don’t talk to me anymore about it
But Utonish will most likely nerf anyone who has 10M likes
As for tomorrow I will probably not vote that much on the IdleChatVote but I will definitely vote around the same amount on the Combo
But I’m 100% gonna get it done by Wednesday or Thursday
Ok since we are all happy with this server I will be fine with it.
I mean I genuinely was, that was a hard moment to get through
And to get maximum PP which is 105, you need to vote 800 times
And afterwards you will lose access to your voting privileges after 3 offenses
We cannot tolerate another Israel being made because of AIFA’s selfish actions
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=kFZuOPO2OXE&si=Y8OafbE7Lt-M_wud My number 1 favorite song right now\nIs this
Today is probably by far the best day in Idle vote history for amount of gained likes and growth
It’s only been 11 minutes since I noticed Vietnam’s likes are picking up momentum
No I mean that one time on the chat vote where they entered the Top 60
So current in front of that line are Botswana and South Georgia Islands
It’s only a game. Again I have strong feelings towards people in a game too. But in the end it’s a game. Expect to see Vietnam and Canada drop nuts in a couple of days.
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/P6rXn3e5dBo?si=u7H5bNWj6UbhZgwJ
Not really, I mean it’s more active than even the chat vote
IDC IF ITS LEGITIMATE OR BOTTED, WE NEED TO SHOW OUR STRENGTH AND CHANGE THE CHAT VOTE FOR THE BETTER
Dark Light Green are ACS members and Dark Green are NIFA members
Which who knows how long this actually remains alive
At this rate we might expect the downfall of Türkiye earlier then expected as Algeria gets closer to Türkiye and they begin slowing down
I promised them I would be on their side on the next live stream so I’m gonna keep that
I bet if I were to hop on the combo, everyone is gonna leave
But now we come back stronger than ever and we’re back to where we started
AND ON FRIDAY I WILL RELEASE THE MARCH RECAPS AS WELL!
So it’s not worth doing your CEC thing unless you’re doing it legitimately which your not right now
@Karotten I don’t know what to say anymore, just mark this down on the Archive or something. This is arguably the worst day in Utonish history right here. Straight out of the Dark ages for sure.
Thats cuz I reported his ass like 10 times and it probably got him banned
And I feel shameful for even using it in the first place
Denied, you need to have a proper reason and you need to be sane
But as you know there’s so many cities to cover that it’s gonna take a whole year
Since I was a lazy sack of shit back then and he took advantage of it
And the Chat Votes are just the simulations that the aliens created to keep us addicted to it forever like a matrix and this is all going to plan and they are going to use our power to power their powerful alien technology and eventually destroy our whole planet and eventually solar system
Even the N.A.F.A Leader has spoke out about the situation and has stated “I have never been this scared in my life, seeing our countries taking the biggest of hits ever is just insane. Whoever is behind this is a true person to remember.”
Didn’t PAP mention that he was one of the China voters on the idle vote or am I imagining things?
I just have to deal with this for the whole of 2026
@userdev_ If the Philippines is ever in threat of being passed, let me know and I’ll help you
He basically smoked my record of 10k votes in a week
So whoever try’s to dislike Iraq will be considered Red Wave activity until Iraq is fully restored
@bilip blop and @Utonipsa I’m sorry once again for blaming you for everything.
I officially consider Vietnam a New Order member! Welcome to the New Order Vietnam!🇻🇳
Well that’s what you all thought but I have been literally on their ass for the past week or so when you guys were mad at me
I should of never even tapped into that field and just dealt with my depression better
And your not simply just leaving the computer to do its job
Full History of the Chat Vote(Video Version): https://youtu.be/E244tv1lGHI?si=4JyWlv7tQrTI4he3
And the mystery nation will also soon pass Indonesia and Atlantis as they are the number 1 fastest growing even more than Singapore
Now in 2025: Not even close to Top 50 best mile runners lol
Ermmm actually they belong to AIFA because in 2024 AIFA seized control over all of the idle coin reserves and thus control all idle coins!
Yeah I used to support PAP because I thought they were good people until later on lol
@everyone \n# THE BEGINNING OF THE OFN GOLDEN CONVENTION\n1. This will completely outlaw botting in any form on the following Utonish projects: **ChatVote, IdleChatVote, and ChatVoteCombo**\n→ If you are caught using any botting methods which goes as following: TinyTask, Any Autoclicker, Semi-botting(I.e using a botting method while keeping an eye on the chat), ChatBot(ChatGPT), or Coded Programs meant to bot, the OFN will report your account to YouTube and Utonish and you may face consequences in GCAT(according to GCAT rules)\n\n2. This will also outlaw any forms of cheating such as botting, using multiple accounts to bypass Cooldown, or Transferring one account over 5 times a day\n→ The same punishments as number 1 will apply here and you may receive harsher punishments by GCAT\n\n3. This convention will also implement a new Task Force team which will pay attention to any suspicious activities in any of the live streams and here are the people as followed:\n@·༻Khả❀Năng༺· (All the Live Streams)\n@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 (Combo and Idle Chat)\n@Nova 2016 2018 (ChatVote and maybe Combo)\n@Karotten (ChatVote)\n@🔥Tiki Taka🌏 (Combo and Idle Chat)\nI will also add anyone who is willing to help out\n→ Your job is to report any incidents of cheating possible to Utonish or the GCAT and we will take action to report them.\n\n# - Signed by Kha Nang and Karotten, Heads of OFN
NEW POLL DROPPED! http://youtube.com/post/UgkxoDerDiW3Bj_rYC6gxuEeKMnKwcwkcHKH?si=-kFIqjzMuUMRWlZi
But wait how about the time when Israel got nerfed 75% of their votes
Since I have NIFA and all that doesn't mean my Top20 will be on them
But because YouTube added something to prevent chats over 800, votes have dropped since then
And that will hopefully be accomplished in 2025 or 2026
The US has been tossed around on every platform and is hated upon, and it’s time that ends now
Although AIFA plans on reintroducing controlled zones of red across the country section soon
Well everything else that’s red already is probably gonna get more red
Well this is what i see on desktop so it hasn't updated that
Ok, how tf do you have time for this? It’s great to see someone as dedicated as you, but how you manage things outside of life?
Nope Utonish is still alive and he wants revenge against you now
Because everything in this community can be addicting
NIFA is only accepting two more members for the rest of this year, so the two members in front of the line are going to get accepted, however the ACS members behind them are going to be put on hold until next year when NIFA expands its capacity.
It will take time to “unclog” this system I have filled to the brim with guilt but in times like this, I need to remind myself that “it’s ok”
I want a clear cut story that doesn’t involve me since as we know, I had nothing to do with them up until now
And also not to be confused with the Dominican Republic
Funny cuz I just finished the main operations for today too
It’s only a matter of time before Singapore become the next Israel
Russia accomplished 75k growth! 3/4 the way there to 100k
He even said “Hope to see other countries be voted”
If he doesn’t come back soon I assume he has succeeded in his plan
Since the same exact thing happened when I transferred to my main account
Yeah like I said, he was the only the true friend I had since he supported my actions on the live streams which I now regret
Yep, just ignore him. I know he’s an asshole and all sometimes but don’t try to cause another incident like what happened yesterday again.
Boston soon came out of nowhere and passed them in a couple months
If you dare to take anymore steps I will take further action against you and Mango
And please stop bringing up Religion that has nothing to do with anything here
Canada did succeed at first but then they left leaving PAP to retake 1st
Reaching 10k on multiple combos all of which was done legitimately felt just amazing
But the way it escalated to this extent is unbelievable
Oh yeah and who fucking knows who’s behind the Red Wave
NIFA extremely alarmed by this immediately justifies this as another Atlantic incident
Now you have a daily favorite countries report being cooked up for you
Yeah it’s unfortunate. I think what may of happened was your VPN automatically switched to another IP for faster speed and that’s what happened
Ok another quick comparison, Vietnam would be around where Guinea is on the ChatVoteCombo which is 219th💀
AIFA is gonna dislike Botswana and Barbados if you don’t pay up in one month
I told Chispa about the exploit and then he told Matixx about it
So if he somehow knows about the Cycle of Bayuification then I guess that would make sense but in this context it has to do with my depression.
I don’t think anyone would even vote past 1 year unless people are willing to go through what I am going through
A memory of all the things we could possibly forget
I just don’t know how I would do it because of all the bad things I have done
@Utonish I want your whole operating system.. no way I would change the votes of everyone besides Singapore and Nigeria to 0.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,.,., why would I do such a thing??
Or not stay active then and watch Romania grow up to impress your GF
Either that or I will quit voting altogether until 2027
So I guess now I join the list of losers along with whoever got Germany to 1M
RO: Yeah and another war would begin between the West and Ruxxia
I respect their position in first but it’s like they have too much.
And he’s very good at preventing cheating that’s for sure
Ok so here’s what’s gonna happen for until December. I will probably only be active on GCAT on Wednesdays, Fridays and the Weekends but I will be inactive for the rest of the days. So hopefully you guys can keep the server active when I’m gone since I’m probably gonna drop in Discord stats pretty soon.
I really can’t because my combo is dead and I deleted all my accounts
Using Benyi as entertainment(Even though yes it was funny)
# I will be releasing this weeks recap in the og style until I finalize the new layout
Whatever you do in the present determines the future
Its that Pittsburg Pirates Player that Pitches on Poles
Feel free to add goals in https://discord.com/channels/1372634072333025290/1455088440797302940
I can confirm that they are in fact disliking Botswana at a fast rate
Not because I cannot do the exploit anymore but that they are getting away with it and nobody even knows why
Don’t forget Faroe Islands, Åland, Bouvet Island, Iceland and Greenland
You either continue down this path and lose everything
@wWilzyyy Next report you should include the IdleVote
That’s fine however if it’s directed to @iu mãi VN-A615 then it’s considered an insult
Screw apologizing to them, you the one that needs to apologize to me
You cannot use the same countries you have been using
I would need to create some sort of script that can vote that much in 60 seconds
The only thing Utonish can do at that point is freeze the stream until the Botting stops
https://tenor.com/view/gherkin-pifi-deepfake-yes-gif-2029226435350702725
It’s 1:24 where I am and whenever I try to close my eyes
Ok I have an idea on how I could do this legitimately but I just hope Utonish doesn’t ban my channels for it
@Halau @Deleted User @Dionysus and many more, the discord vote is now out!
Oh yeah and also enraged when things don’t go his way
Take out your profile picture because it means nothing
Also I will be covering the whole Top 250 everyday!
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=GV5wWe6aOnY&si=Hxo242zyECF-WEro I like the Instrumental Version of this song
And as I said before, I am definitely not the person behind Benyi otherwise I would have revealed that news awhile ago when I had my crash out episodes.
How about the 100k times you voted Falkland Islands?
No one likes Nova anymore and he will face his punishments soon
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=XsMpXczOIPs&si=KzFX8CKLVktALfnN
You should also push your Acı Biber accounts in case your other ones experience the Shadowban
Well ever since the ClickVote got reset I don’t feel like participating
Here’s what I think will happen in the Utonish Universe in 2026 since we are approaching the end of undoubtedly the greatest year in Utonish History.\n\n1. So if somehow the Free GCAT community survives, I predict that they might become a big force the deal with which I believe will cause more community division and factionalism. (Be better use this fact to advantage if we want to keep the community united)\n\n2. Canada will 100% pass Singapore on the IdleChatVote in most likely January or February or later\n\n3. Either Georgia, Chile, or Guam will pass Singapore first on the ChatVote sometime in Summer or Autumn 2026\n\n4. Now unless Bilip continues to vote Türkiye on the combo, I predict they will start to remain constant or slow down in growth because of a new live stream, and I predict once the Philippines passes Malaysia, Chile will most likely pass both countries and the Top 5 on the combo will remain the same for most likely the rest of 2026 unless Spain and India continues to grow fast.\n\n5. I predict if there is a new live stream, Vietnam will most likely be in the Top 5 along with Türkiye, Russia, Chile, and maybe another new nation not currently performing well on the combo. As we’ve seen on the combo, Malaysia who previously hasn’t done well on previous live streams has made it to the Top 3 and I could see another nation like Malaysia making it into the Top 5.\n\n6. Lastly I can see alliances playing a much bigger role in the Utonish Universe in 2026 as we’ve seen with the OFN, AIFA(On the Idle Vote), CEC. Maybe more alliances like the CEC will be made and maybe even alliance wars could break out which might make for an action pack year.
Out now! https://youtube.com/shorts/Q48GEviWxR0?si=M8hsj4IEL6W_bTaE
It’s like how Egypt is mostly middle eastern but it’s in Africa
I guess the old music he used was not related to what he said so he can't use it
We will break the previous weeks record of 200k votes in a week
We are all proud of Bilip for your continuous effort on the combo and we will continue to stand with you Bilip
NIFA as a whole would be MrBeast since why would Niger and Guinea, etc be so high
That guy if it was Benyi doesn’t even know his country well
Here’s what I think the map will look like, it’s not completely done btw
Algeria is starting the week off in the lead gaining 1k more votes than Singapore! Can they hold the lead for the rest of the week?
Well you gave up on Georgia at 80k growth, but if you can not give up then sure I do predict such event
Due to the recent building fires of Hong Kong, they will be marked with a 💛
This is where my operations on the chat vote end for good
The cycle of which will go on for an eternity until the end of mankind
Idk what’s happening, is Denis and Videomaker now enemies or were they just rooting for their teams
BUT THE US IS NOW THE FOURTH FASTEST GROWING ON THE IDLE VOTE🔥🔥🔥🇺🇸🇺🇸🦅🦅
And I once again say this, “If it goes red then the whole site goes red”
So Chile will be excluded until Chispa stops botting and votes the right way
Yeah they also gained over 40k votes the first to do so
Even though you guys can make your voting platforms at ease for the sake of it, I will make one eventually that will run 24/7 and will go on to be the successor to Utonish’s projects all together.
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I will be maining Georgia and supporting them with 100k votes
If PAP played HOI4:\nPlayed the hardest mode in the game\nPlay as Singapore\nActivate cheats\nConquer the world at ease
Their even making countries go above 1k dislikes in the top 70
NIFA might be stupid for liking North Korea or Israel but NIFA has to if they want the whole Idle Vote Country to be Green
Yeah sucks. If it wasn't for the Red Wave, they would probably be closer to 1M growth by now.
It is. We all need to wake up now, but we don’t know how.
Also @☸ ࿗ Saat Sitare ࿗ ☸ is doing a really good job with India
Due to errors in the NIFA operations today, I will be postponing the recap until 11PM ET
I cannot publicly disclose because I will get in trouble
Honestly, gaining 100k in a week is not the impressive anymore after the update
And you somehow covered up the fact you botted Germany to 1.4M likes on the Idle Vote lol
Ok but first Georgia needs to be added to ACS, so to do that you just need to participate in NIFA and ACS operations for about a week
Vietnam might actually be stronger than the red wave
Weekly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/vKJlSOLa_yo?si=GCN9Ta6ibb2zxjly
Jk Bosnia is already ahead of Tajikstan so they already did
Not necessarily bringing Green across the idle vote but more fair and balanced
Hey I’ve done it before, I used to vote the US and then I dethroned them with Nigeria, so why not do it again?
How did the audit log look like on the 12th through the 20th
https://youtube.com/shorts/ajM2erZirzE?si=hiDKjiroMC1sS5gJ
I think in general it might not be the most fair Top 10 but I think it’s well deserved for all the countries
https://tenor.com/view/yes-yes-yes-amanda-holden-britain%27s-got-talent-i-want-it-of-course-gif-4061103280538678958
So they probably have trillions if not quadrillions of votes at this point
When he comes on he will talk to you about that since he also wants to create something similar to yours
Alr I’m gonna investigate wtf is happening with Croatia and I’ll make my decision with Croatia in the upcoming Favorite Countries Report this Friday
And then unite the damn community to destroy my own project!
Oh wow almost the whole Country section is positive
But yeah your right, I will clarify to anyone in the chat
Not only have I beat Germany's record, I have made a new personal record for myself
But because of the OFN treaty we won’t be able to pass Russia or Türkiye which are not my intentions
But that’s no excuse to bring him back. He doesn’t deserve to be here after what he has done to us. I’ve tried to talk to him but it’s no help.
Remember that in this timeline that Utonish still hasn’t certified it yet and probably won’t even if you time travel into the future until you actually get it certified
I think each of your periods, you should do around 4k
Yeah I agree, although it would be better if he does a season 2 of some sort
Just search up VPN on whatever App Store you have and then whatever VPN you like, just look for that on PC
Make custom Countryballs and you can get a whole series running
True, but remember, Im PoTenTiaL and I can use that to advantage and go around that and surround whatever abilities he has left
Like Utonish, he probably runs all the live streams on separate computers
They skip sleep to end up having a higher chance to sleep the next day lol
Its kinda funny how this is happening almost a year later from October 6th
Dang Indonesia beat Singapore this week on the chatvote
Unfortunately that means the death of an old one.\n\nRest in Peace, PoTenTiaL the Venezuelan
First of all if I did threaten you, I’m sorry because I was a horrible person I get it. Second of all you think this is your territory because after all you are the most powerful. Let me tell you one thing, that is wrong. I don’t need to directly talk to you because this is known to everyone now. You believe that by your rules you can make me do whatever because of how you are. That’s just not right. This isn’t you and you need to realize that.
Imagine liking Georgia over the United States, like Wtf. US is the strongest and best country in the world
Once you get that running NIFA will suspend all its operations
I have fully secured my account from him so he won’t come back ever again
Same! So I was wondering if you can send in #👥◄◍𝖡𝖺𝗌𝖾•𝗈𝖿•𝖮𝗉𝖾𝗋𝖺𝗍𝗂𝗈𝗇𝗌►👥 ?
Guam becomes the first supervised Red Zone on the country section
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 Life is great again. I feel comfortable with everything now. I’m getting 2.4K votes per day for 4 days straight now and everything seems to be going back to normal.
Which is basically in my recent projection where Singapore gains a huge lead against second place Indonesia and they become so objective to other people voting countries that no one can’t rival them. Then as can guess eventually someone will rival them and pass them in the future
Jokes Aside though I like Indonesia and the fact they are the most underrated #1 country on the chat vote
No like instead of showing an IP address, he puts “Voter #___”
The second green wave era is over, now we have the Vote Renaissance Era. Now that vote rates have been increased, anyone could become powerful
@karavase Has his own operation against Singapore on the idle chat vote and eventually Singapore will cir come to Canada
He’s 8 years younger than me and he had to make your lazy ass do it
All of what your saying doesn’t make sense. Chinese people have been in that region for centuries. Lee happened to be Chinese at least he supported Muslims in Malaya Sarawak and Sabah. Your creating an argument that I shouldn’t even have to be in because all you think about is Muslim this Muslim that. I get it you like Muslim superiority. But why are you doing this on Utonish
Hãy thử tưởng tượng bạn đang ở vị trí của Sana ngay lúc này.💀
RO: Then the Red Wave wouldn’t of suspected anything
@News Ping \n# 🚨 BREAKING NEWS 🚨\nFormer Bangladesh Prime Minister Khaleda Zia dies today at the age of 80. She died at the Evercare Hospital of Bangladesh.\n\nhttps://youtu.be/dXm46_tUl0s?si=25ntIJuWT5YJNEbq
The closest anyone has gotten is Daniel but even he cannot rival him
Didn’t that look convincing at first until you look at the points
I’m ready to make a difference for real this time and not be a fool
Nigeria is number 7 and number 12 in both games respectively
RUSSIA REACHES TOP 20🔥https://youtube.com/shorts/bOJyj_hFjoo?si=2EJZSYcArOos2rFL
Well it’s more of my plan at the moment, but if people agree with this, we will be changing up the Distribution of Power in GCAT adding new roles in.
Even though there was a 24 hour reset if you didn’t vote
@Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 I know you want to protect my friend and all that from all the drama I have created but it’s the only way to fix things here.
lol Reunion was like the Saint  Barthélemy before you came
But you did though, I have all the evidence proving it. You had two tabs open and you were voting Germany simultaneously on both which resulted in you voting 500 votes per update. And I managed to catch on to that thanks to my intelligence in cheating on the Utonish scene. And also me and you were the only ones on, so there’s no way there was someone else there otherwise it would have shown in the users list. So whatever you say, this cannot disprove the fact that you cheated bro.
Where if some country gets a vote then that country turns green for a second
And then he added Kracker to ensure he doesn’t get copyrighted by Utonish lol
They are approximately 28k growth away from passing Argentina
# Commonwealth of European Countries!🇬🇪🇩🇪🇳🇴🇱🇹, etc…
Gold for first in the year, Silver for second, and Bronze for third
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679821480865132823066470938446095505822317253594081284811174502841027019385211055596446229489549303819644288109756659334461284756482337867831652712019091456485669234603486104543266482133936072602491412737245870066063155881748815209209628292540917153643678925903600113305305488204665213841469519415116094330572703657595919530921861173819326117931051185480744623799627495673518857527248912279381830119491298336733624406566430860213949463952247371907021798609437027705392171762931767523846748184676694051320005681271452635608277857713427577896091736371787214684409012249534301465495853710507922796892589235420199561121290219608640344181598136297747713099605187072113499999983729780499510597317328160963185950244594553469083026425223082533446850352619311881710100031378387528865875332083814206171776691473035982534904287554687311595628638823537875937519577818577805321712268066130019278766111959092164201989 + 7 comment in this year
Israel obviously VPNed all the way to second and to this day they beated Botswana in terms of the amount of votes gained in a short amount of time
Although when I confessed to being PAP, that could also technically be considered the beginning of the Community Era
If you want to make things better you need to be respectful to your peers and work things out instead of being self pity of yourself.
You never know the Falklands could come back one day!🇫🇰
Caucasian wants you to ask if you want to join his party so that way you, Caucasian, Elgus and Lenon gets to run in the upcoming GCAT Elections
We need as many nations ahead of Indonesia as possible!
But its a normal part of life. Our ideas always change
Because it has taken them 2 months just to get 10k dislikes
Approximately 2k more votes until Singapore passes Indonesia
Alr enough yapping, lets lock in and will meet again at 3
@Utonipsa I’m sorry for how I treated you yesterday. All I want you to do is to stop using TinyTask for your voting.
Dude Bayu your telling me that they are using sub accounts but look at you your the one using sub accounts and judging the speed of the chat.
# Best Voters in the Utonish Universe(Excluding Website)\n1. Bilip Blop\n2. Khả Năng(Me)\n3. Karotten\n4. **Chispa**\n5. Bosmium\n6. Daniel the Great\n7. Caucasian Mapper\n8. **Luis aka ThisIsGermany**\n9. Maypi\n10. Maurice Larrouturou\n11. Karavase\n12. 7Star\n13. esXX\n14. wWilzyyy aka Marta\n15. Naprij\n16. Jason\n17. Vicky\n18. Maxi\n19. PWzlavec\n20. Nova aka Slovakia
AE: Because of that we altered our timeline from the 2027 timeline
I hate seeing Reunion trying to become like his overlord Algeria so why not vote Falkland Islands to prevent another country increasing the gap between number 5
THEY ALWAYS LOOK DOWN UPON US FOR BEING DUMB AND STUPIDS
It took two times to get Japan to finally become green!
Only important ones but your free to document whatever you feel is important
At this point the IdleViewVote is by far the most forgotten part of the Utonish universe
So in short, you can enjoy playing video games, but don’t take it too personally
So maybe we can speed up the process and hope they get reset
PREMIERING NOW! https://youtu.be/Zo8bc3v5TfU?si=epjFZG-HtX67Ryf7
Phew that was close, almost had another crash out episode.
Because I voted so much for African countries that it’s too much to count
About 4 more days until we fully liberate Russia from the Red Wave!
Yeah also add the history of the OFN, since in mine and Hsinotu’s little fantasy world we made, AIFA used to be the dominant alliance which used to include all of Africa, but then that collapsed due to political instability and the OFN would be created after a Merger between the EU and the ADP(Asian Defense Pact) that would replace AIFA and even go on to include former AIFA countries in Northern Africa.
Bayu accuses countries even though he’s growing faster than them
What will happen after every NIFA member has been leader?
So think of the Points Value as how much 1 vote is valued in the IdleChatVote in terms of Points
No matter what happens AIFA is going to create the best environment for voting countries anywhere ever seen on the internet!
Don’t ever consider me shit ever again. I’m not your enemy. I’m just you imagination. Goodbye.
But the fact that they went under the AIFA radar is insane
Omg this is bad the red has claimed so many nations then I expected
Bro I’m so sorry but I need to go now since I have a long day tomorrow
Your damn right, maybe one day people will figure out your exploit @Karotten
We are a voting community, NOT A FUCKING GROUP OF PEOPLE WHO USE THIS STUPID DISGRACE OF A BOT EVERYDAY
Singapore has broken the record once again gaining 36,392 votes in one week before New Years!🔥
Yeah so Daniel should of been around 40-50k Combo points behind Bilip
RO: Try liking a country that has a 2 as its last digit and see what happens
Ok good, now you may retire now. Farewell the grand KarottenHoe
Ok well take your time. We don’t expect you to finish it at soon as it hits a certain time. You have all week to do to transfer to a new excel
However the highest record still goes to the US who gained 26k votes in a week back in April or May
It will make your device really slow though and it could easily break
I’m still experimenting with trying to use multiple servers that can handle growth levels like I’m currently doing for Nigeria. If I can get another one to work, I will use it on Antarctica and get them to down to around 500k growth and if they strike back, I will bring to half of that.
So if anyone needs help ill help you and ill also build up the GCAT Global combo for yall to use
INTRODUCING A NEW CHARACTER,\n\n@iu mãi VN-A615 Is now considered the **Master Entrepreneur** of the Utonish universe!\nLook out for his big precious deals! He will ship you to glory!
But be ware if you create too many you will have to verify yourself
I mean like infiltrating into his servers which holds his database for the streams and literally edit the code
But there’s no possible way nowadays that people can go without botting anyway
As for me, I’m gonna be starting to play the Clarinet later this week and I’m on the musical grind for the next concert in October. So GCAT matters are not really my priority right now either. So like Chispa said, this server is dead; unless the admins do something to bring attention again.
Like even the Combo is getting more than all of the other live streams combined
That's 3 nations down now we gotta tackle El Salvador
Because I tried the very same thing and I got tired after a week
3/15 - Strange radio signals are detected by the coast of Senegal
Here’s what I would consider Stage 4:\nYou can run a program that can bypass anything Utonish can do like banning you, and you can vote effectively infinitely and at whatever interval you want without being stopped.
South Sudan is on fire! They managed to gain more growth than Japan
I have updated the Total Utonish Universe vote count to the most recent data: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/21857717/
There’s 8.1B people living on planet earth right now
Still I recommend only 1 tab because it will slow down your program and make it crash
Utonish at this point has forgotten that the Idle vote exists
Since they are tied, they all get the same medal and points
I’m just not sure what to even say about her at this point
Yeah all you do is transfer your banned channel to a new channel and you can unban the banned channel that way
Ok well basically here’s what happened earlier:\nNova basically cheated on @Bosmium ClickVote and got Norfolk Islands to 1st, but guess what. It was all botted because I may not have the image for it but I caught him sabotaging Georgia and thus he was the reason that Georgia got to 250th. Then Caucasian found out about it and Nova wanted to help him which he did, but instead he created a whole joke around his name which we all followed, and that made Caucasian leave the server thinking that Mango was the reason behind all of this, but reality it was all Nova’s doing. He wanted to do that all so he can have his attention, that’s what he’s built around. He took advantage of a power vacuum in the community and he built a brand around him all for the sake of attention. He didn’t help solve problems, he only makes them worse.
Again it’s your choice so I won’t say anything about it
Fine how about Top 1 gets 5 Top 2 gets 3 and Top 3 gets 2 and the rest get 1
It turned out to be a very selfish move on my part which I agree
I all I have to do is use an autoclicker for 24/7 and watch my like count go up slowly
Because the US is currently kicking the fuck on their penguin citizen’s asses
Because at this point Indonesia would probably have more votes than Algeria if they still opposed Singapore
And well we escaped that by creating an ultra fast jetpack which broke through the barrier and brought us to another part of the universe
So many events have happened today, specifically Niger passing Vietnam
He wanted him gone all because of his attention seeking attitude
Well because people like @Tquik want this so I’m down for it if you are too
NEW! We are now covering US 50 States Section! https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1ZwzPaN6GHzhLKJ0-M1SdCAqU72ff5VOb
If you want it to be a surprise then don’t watch the June one
You are fueled off of the fact I’m a lazy son of a bitch sometimes and you decided to capitalize on that and pass Singapore. Very good job of you to say the least. Also you really think your poetry is good enough to push me away. Just wait until I finish reading my Elon musk book and I’ll be on Canada’s doorstep in a month
This also includes the chat vote, you changed Israel's point and vote count but you forgot to reduce the total
Which will tell the API that you want to like or dislike a country and then it will store and update that item in the database, then after 60 seconds the site will update to the new data from the database
Because Karavase the 51st is even more offensive lol
Yeah you will be second because Vietnam means a lot to me
Yeah just rest Daniel. You definitely need it badly.
You have done more than in ChatVoteCombo itself lol
Or maybe AIFA completely disbands and the whole country sections turns red
Ok then I’m gonna consider this case closed for now
Or on the favorite countries where some countries gain over 10k points to get :fire9: which will probably never happen until the next growth update in 4 years
They hate Singaporeans just as much as the Turks do
@Karotten PLEASE SHUT DOWN THE BENYI BOT, I DONT WANT TO SEE ANYMORE OF THIS BENYI SHIT ANYMORE
I’ve become one lazy son of a bitch lately and that needs to end
And for the botted likes and dislikes, well that’s another story since NIFA just won a war against the Red Wave
Believe me bro I’m not that stupid to vote Azerbaijan unless someone asked for help
Weekly Recap before the recap even comes out: https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/16687925/
The botter: Hmm Utonish definitely wont notice this
Also I just finished the second part of the NIFA operations today and I have one more part to go before I’m free
Well I only plan to pass Algeria, so if you can vote on the idle chat vote then you Georgia won’t get passed
Now I realize that your that guy that I was talking about
@Nova 2016 2018 I have an idea for you. Relating to the all the “DEX” bot channels, I think you should merge them all into one single channel and move it to the Community Section so it’s more accessible, like maybe put it below the #deleted-channel since it’s really clutter at the bottom
And I believe it’s the third most popular dialect/language in China after Mandarin and Cantonese/Yue
Ok so Nova and I had an our talk, and he agrees with me and Daniel that you are still disqualified. I’m sorry that you want to run for the elections, but unfortunately you won’t be able to run this month, but you will be able to run next month in September! I hope you understand and respect our decision. We are not against you in anyway, nor that you are in any trouble in that matter. You are fine. But you will not be able to run in August.
# @Utonish PLEASE LISTEN\nWhen i first joined the ChatVote in January 2023 I wanted BL to pass France, it failed because i got judged, but 2 years later the ChatVote is now much older, it is nearly impossible to progress in it without using bots, most people support ChatVote resetting, so please make the poll a thing.
Trust me it’s a good feeling when you do it legitimately
GERMANY 1T POINTS! https://youtube.com/shorts/tbq0M5TcqOM?si=EBVDbEghKiOfiWuw
But I don’t use the VPN for NAFA only for the offenses like today clearing the red
@iu mãi VN-A615 Tell your friend Danto to rename his alt accounts to not “Singapore” because to me that tells me you guys are against our plan
Look like I will re focus my attention on Nigeria for the time being @Caucasian Mapper
The Point Gap Between #4 Indonesia and #5 Cyprus is 5.45B points
Until then we can’t create an official clicker game
We are approaching the final trillion to pass Indonesia
Even if it means losing the top country I voted from the very start. I’m willing to sacrifice it for whoever becomes first.
Because the real image is that they are using a bot 24/7
Yeah that’s right, your gained points of the whole week will be multiplied depending on the medal you get
Unfortunately as time passes, the gap between Nigeria and Romania closes and it looking more likely that Nigeria will pass Romania, but remember our alliance still stands and we will always have the same goal in mind no matter if our “plan” fails or not.
Btw this will be the ChatVoteCombo branch of the OFN
Then PoTenTiaL made reforms which would limit AIFA’s influence on the idle vote and start building a safe place for voting
I mean he’s recognized every MrBeast Milestone, so Utonish will probably notice
But how about for all the other eliminated candidates? Maybe you should give them one more chance?
I remember one time I was able to vote 60k times before the ultimate shadowban kicked in
They started out as a French Overseas Department but now they have one of the world’s greatest empires of all time!
Today I officially declare the addition of Falkland Islands into NAFA
Another example, If there are more than 10 regions, I will only include 10 of the best but I will still track the others!
I said in one of shorts that it’s only game, it’s not worth fighting over
If you try Palak Paneer, tell me how it tastes, because thats my Indian dish
Unfortunately a lot of history has been lost already…
Way more active than the Chat Vote and Idle Chat Vote combined
I mean they might have a Metronome of some sort counting every second to point that they get it so accurately but I tried that and I still managed to violate the cooldown even though it’s exactly 15 seconds
But as you know Liberia refused to become an observer state of NIFA, but it’s worth the shot.
Well of course AMERCIA🦅is 1 NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENES
Hey guys @Caucasian Mapper Is now the owner of FAME, it was nice knowing yall
And I will admit, that the other Maxi account is indeed an alt of mine, since the real “Máxi” is voting Argentina.
The best year in my entire life is coming to an end
The Falkland Islands is now officially the second fastest growing nation in the Top 60 ahead of Indonesia and behind Singapore!
North Korea for example seems pretty accurate for 399k
I’m that one guy that literally used to vote Singapore before PAP and I make Utonish related things. Also I own an alliance called NIFA on the idle vote.
But obviously it’s not working and now it’s becoming apparent of their downfall
Remember guys, Consistency is the key to success on the chat vote
Also Nigeria is technically NIFA if anyone is wondering because Utonish would merge all NIFA countries together after NIFA’s unification
Ukraine 800B Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/Xdmla6pPEJI?si=sHI4ojCX_SraxfH-
Reminder for tomorrow: German and Philippine operations continue
Btw almost every new NIFA members since June was targeted today by the Red Wave
My favorite countries every week is what I actually think of the countries during that week
More like Stage 1.5 because they aren’t as crazy as what I would consider Stage 2
I wanted to make it based off of our series but I decided to give up on it
That’s how I originally thought the red wave was like and would you know it
I feel bad but I don’t know what I can do at the moment
Me, Jackie and Daniel are the Democratic Party of GCAT
Also I meant to say 2026 because halfway through the presentation kind of gets a bit messy and we really don’t know what will happen in 2026 lol
No the problem is not doing 800, it’s going beyond 800 on a single combo.
But 40k in 2 years, that shows you might be having a problem with that country, but a good one
How tf don’t you know where I live. I’ve lived in SF since like I was born!
In terms of the combo, you can completely exclude it if you want
With my good buddy who used to vote North Macedonia
Did this server literally just get more popular or is it me?
@Caucasian Mapper you can’t let them do this to you man, just create more channels and rival them
I’ve already done all my efforts so there’s no need to worry about it anymore in my opinion
So you know how in #⌨️◄𝖦𝖢𝖠𝖳◍𝖣𝖾𝗏𝖾𝗅𝗈𝗉𝗆𝖾𝗇𝗍►⌨️ we were discussing about potential new leadership roles like Secretary/Lead Developer of GCAT, Developers, Treasurer, and Public Relations. In the future I hope that we can make GCAT an actual functional organization with active goals in mind. We should take that to consideration in the upcoming elections. So of course will still have our typical mods but they are only in charge for the server side of things. But with the introduction of these news roles, we will have a proper Board to run the GCAT brand as a whole instead of fighting over a simple worthless discord server role.
As for me, I feel a bit better. I’m trying to move away from the Combo drama and actually live life. It may not be perfect but I at least feel better about things now. Eventually I will have enough energy to restore my actions elsewhere but this week has proven to be a recovery week for me. Without god, I wouldn’t be able to reach this point. Without him I wouldn’t be able to keep going. And of course without you guys, I wouldn’t have changed my ways for the betterment of myself or you guys. I have since realized the importance of not just benefiting myself but to also look at how other people feel which I didn’t do in the past resulting in all of these problems. I didn’t understand why because I never understood how they felt and I never understood what I did was wrong. But I continued to have hope and faith and I finally found the answer. Though not clear, I call it a success thanks to you all.
10K COMBO FINALLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LETS GO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
4 ACCOUNTS!!!??? (You going a bit too far PoTenTiaL)
Nah bro look at Venus Entertainment with 372M views in day💀
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=IEGNBRz-qiQ&si=gxd7S7uv3kpSC1Qv\nThe End of 2025 is near
Nigeria 3.3T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/TK5vogOhe2w?si=thkzceje_DeeGEki
That doesn’t compare to how she was when I first came
Dude the Top 20 is gonna change so much in the upcoming weeks to months
RO: And in this universe Zimbabwe will soon be the most voted I’m pretty sure
Woohoo made all the timestamps clear and my job is pretty much done
@Bayu It’s been nice knowing you since my inception
I see, so original voter and new voter combine forces.
Idc if Nigeria and AIFA lose it’s dominance, I will gladly accept this new idle vote
*Falklands continues to be a ally of Singapore as both hate the idea of an Indonesian resurgancy*
We need to get rid of them first before we make other moves
Also the ongoing Indonesian-Singaporean rivalry which might lead to Indonesia being dethroned from #1
If anyone wants access to the idle vote data I made, here’s the link https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1FNDBMqa5mEVgiApb7AOjfZBZBrfXe7-1
Ok idk if the Top 250 situation is getting better or worse
Subdivisions will also count towards it, which I will update daily
Because in my spreadsheet is has the correct vote count but I forgot to use it for the attention list
*Algeria looked to be the next big threat to Singaporean domination as they had slowed down on voting*
And if you take things personally, then you will rot in the streets for an eternity - Advice I said to Caucasian
He has Angola and Ukraine up there which is domination to him right there
One more step before I pass Indonesia and later Singapore
Nigeria is super close to joining the Top 5 thus being featured on the idle vote section. Although we will pass Israel we still gotta support them as usual!
Just a year ago, PAP ended Bayu rule, and a year later I end PAP rule
Oh crap my domination of the Chat Vote is ending soon
I will make it actually based off of votes rather than points since you actually based it off of points
That’s one thing I like about India to this day is the fact it prioritizes itself over other countries. It takes both sides rather than going to any side because in the end, you can get the benefits of being on both sides.
Because they are super close to converting them back to green
Organization of Free Nations of the ChatVotes or simply just the Organization of Free Nations(Not the one from TNO) the alliance me and Karotten made along with a bunch of other people.
Also Singapore🇸🇬 is an official ally of Indonesia🇮🇩 and the US🇺🇸 on the chat vote!
So yeah hopefully we can start developing this project soon and create the future of GCAT in 2026
@GCAT Citizen  [Today is the last day to sign up to become an Admin! Form will be closing in 24 hours!](https://forms.gle/FMwYQo1TQvfj1KNk7)\n\nAlso you can fill it out in #👨‍💼◄𝖫𝖾𝖺𝖽𝖾𝗋𝗌𝗁𝗂𝗉◍𝖠𝗉𝗉𝗅𝗂𝖼𝖺𝗍𝗂𝗈𝗇►🧑‍💼 if you lazy to fill the google form out.
Also South Korea has passed Brazil on the Lifetime List which now means excluding the US, Asia now dominates the whole Top 5.
Wait I think the gap between Nigeria and Indonesia is wrong
Bruh I have not even logged on to Bosmium’s site yet
Because if I make it today, the other half of the week won’t be covered
Approximately what mine are\n\nSoutheast Asia:\n1. 🇵🇭 Philippines\n2. 🇻🇳 Vietnam\n3. 🇸🇬 Singapore\n\nEast Asia:\n1. 🇨🇳 China\n2. 🇰🇷 South Korea\n3. 🇯🇵 Japan\n\nSouth Asia:\n1. 🇮🇳 India\n2. 🇧🇩 Bangladesh\n3. 🇵🇰 Pakistan\n\nMiddle East:\n1. 🇹🇷 Türkiye\n2. 🇵🇸 Palistine\n3. 🇸🇦 Saudi Arabia
The only flare ups were because I never got over the drama of the past
These types of live streams are ridiculous but fun at the same time
Their methods worked for awhile but because people have adjusted to them, they lost interest
But I’m not stopping until 2M likes to ensure that Nigeria is safe when I vote Georgia
6/24 Ghana joins the Northern Counsel as a non observer state of NAFA
I’m also one of the og icv voters but I didn’t vote much
2030(Before WW4):\n\n1. OFN - 574T Votes\n2. SARC ~ 1.2T Votes\n2. Southern Africa - 836G Votes
Apparently he blocked you because you would be able to see their messages
@everyone To anyone who is continuously pinging @Caucasian Mapper because of my damn Cousin, please stop as you are breaking the Public Protection Act set by @Karotten . If you guys continue you are risking your status in this server so please stop.
If Algeria doesn’t come back they can try to rival Reunion in total votes
Well now its June but my "neo NAFA" plans are still on hold as im still pretty busy
I was supposed to be asleep 1 hour ago and then you did this
The whole Idle Vote - NAFA is the equivalent of NATO in a way keeping the whole Idle Vote in check but mainly preserving African unity and stability.
Unlike beforehand where Israel would gain every 5 minutes
That’s cool because they will get reset if they pass 1M dislikes
Since Russia has been catching up a whole ton to Türkiye
You know what I’m actually happy about the ComboVote now
1. Monthly growth(We mentioned already)\n2. My favorability(of course)\n3. The countries reputation on the world stage(Least common however very helpful depicting the countries ranking)
Im kinda tired of seeing the fire as a placeholder of growth, and I would like to make it more of representing the country's growth rather than being a placeholder
@Daniel the Great 🇷🇺 I tried to warn you not to VPN
Me and Nova have discussed of making it three days instead of 7. So its not actually 7 days
The Top 250 is now greater than the Top 250 on the ChatVoteCombo
Who fricking cares about dislikes when you DAMN NATION IS AGAINST THE WORLD
Oh boy, I’m trying to really hold my core in because I can sense my jealousy slip away if I’m not careful…
Weekly Idle Chat Vote Recap | Streaks Recap Week 4: https://youtube.com/shorts/KHAUoQFusjU?si=2ZtbTSuwXEgtl3gD
I might get shadowed again soon so I’ll let you know
Apparently I shouldn’t even of done all of this then
Your god damn right, all it takes is someone to actually do better than me on the chat vote
And finally the glorious Dominican Empire has finally risen after centuries of oppression out matching everyone in every corner of the globe! Long live Dominica!
3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751058209749445923078164062862089986280348253421170679821480865132823066470938446095505822317253594081284811174502841027019385211055596446229489549303819644288109756659334461284756482337867831652712019091456485669234603486104543266482133936072602491412737245870066063155881748815209209628292540917153643678925903600113305305488204665213841469519415116094330572703657595919530921861173819326117931051185480744623799627495673518857527248912279381830119491298336733624406566430860213949463952247371907021798609437027705392171762931767523846748184676694051320005681271452635608277857713427577896091736371787214684409012249534301465495853710507922796892589235420199561121290219608640344181598136297747713099605187072113499999983729780499510597317328160963185950244594553469083026425223082533446850352619311881710100031378387528865875332083814206171776691473035982534904287554687311595628638823537875937519577818577805321712268066130019278766111959092164201989
You will realize the consequences of staying for too long on Utonish
https://tenor.com/view/cute-gif-6192823600660695016
People who actually put in the effort for a long time deserve it
Wow no way I got Nigeria to 1M again! That was a very helpful video!
And the Philippines gained 1/6 of that of Russia which is even crazier☠️☠️
Within 5 months they went from 50k likes to 740k likes
Just keep voting Georgia and it will still count towards your progress to ACS integration and later NIFA integration
ITS ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL COUNTRIES IN THIS UNIVERSE
@everyone I caught @Caucasian Mapper Typing in W!!!!!
Bilip has managed to actually gain more points then I have, so that means there technically isn't any limit as I thought
Also I wasn’t expecting so many Oceanic nations to be in the projection.
As of 08/13/2023, India used to be the fastest growing country right after Nigeria’s nerf. But due to the Red Wave, India has fallen to 3rd but is slowly coming back thanks to NIFA support. Also Nigeria has once again become the fastest growing nation since the nerf. It’s crazy how much time has passed since then but now NIFA is reviving what the past was before the Red Wave began.
In fact I’m suspending all relations with @Shut Up Maypi @Lenon (Stadtbild) @Vicky and many more for Maxi’s cause. Until you all make up to for all the bitterness you still have in you, I don’t want anything to do with you guys either.
But all im gonna say is that it has been a good time being apart of the Utonish community so far and I can't wait for the fun times ahead.
However I just added all the votes from all live streams
And my lack of understanding of the code made me break it in the process
# Final Decision\nI will be downloading the data on the banned channel and I will be deleting it permanently and I will start a new channel in its place. So all of the shorts and long form videos you have seen before will be gone forever.
Oh well the audio cuts out at around the 1/3 point of the short, but meh who cares anyway, BECAUSE GERMANY DOMINATES THE RACE
The British South American Society which holds influence in the Falkland Islands and many British Islands begins to cut ties with Nigeria and many Nigerian allies due to the atrocities
No matter how many times we get pushed back, will always overcome the challenges and achieve our goals
You need to be yourself and stop acting like others
Btw that applys the the US 50 states section, not the Country section
Ok even though it’s not a good time right now, VIETNAM HITS 10K LIKES!
Siberia: I have no choice, we are weak and useless. You only made it worse for us. With new leadership we will prosper under the Chinese.
But if we treat them as imaginary numbers then there’s no real solution
Karotten just leave him alone. We don’t want things to be worse with him.
Dude you’re so picky when it comes to who actually votes in the chat vote
I mean Biden tried to make sense to the people of how bad the changes Trump wanted to make, but then everyone turned against Biden because of how old and inferior he is compared to Trump who has all the money and ideas.
It’s not easy, but remember what I said earlier humanity. We all have our differences with each other, but in the end we can all dance together when the time comes
So really there should only be 9,382,700 votes/chats and 9,382,700 points per vote
It’s fine, I saw it coming so I’m just happy that we’re finally over it now.
Gradina so far has the closest project that heavily resembles Utonish’s past projects
This is the second breakthrough in making this more efficient
Omg I really thought we were watching an actual YouTube Video
Ok THEN THATS ALL YOU HAD TO SAY INSTEAD OF BUGGING ME ABOUT IT
ওরিও কুকি or Orio kuki at least according to translate
And that too but the main focus is the chat vote since this is where most of the action is taking place
Well I don’t want this to turn into another large scale war like Israel or Japan
And if any of you all want access to the data folder, here you go. https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1FNDBMqa5mEVgiApb7AOjfZBZBrfXe7-1\nAnd don't ask me to do daily data, because its simply to much time.
Alright since you like to complain a lot @Caucasian Mapper NIGERIA HAS PASSED GEORGIA IN VOTES!
I tried to send a comment on his short but it didn’t go through
This means Japan has passed over 43 countries since the start of the Utonish day
Of course! But I won’t post it daily but instead every Wednesday and Saturday
ACS will now be formally be renamed to LAS, Lagos Associative Structure due to more nations outside Africa becoming members.
And now Kha Nang comes in it’s place with a fresh start full of opportunity, not of the past actions of PoTenTiaL, but to go beyond that and bring positivity
It will function kind of like how the GDP Live Stream is
Wait @Caucasian Mapper Are you still in the New Order or what?
It will start with 2nd then 3rd than 4th, than 5th, and so on
AE: Yeah also you said that that portal teleported them to Atlantis in 2027. So these weird anomalies happening is exactly what lead to the discovery of Atlantis in the first place.
That’s probably around the time I pushed Singapore a little bit since they were gonna fall out of the Top 60
If I have had a rough estimate I’ve probably eaten McDonalds only 90-100 times ever in my entire life
Weekly Chat Vote Recap by Utonish! https://youtube.com/shorts/wozNThLvvwQ?si=ieVhI3ICBPAgkhTT
@Tquik The only problem I have with that is that I told him that this is not a Utonish server anymore and that he’s not the leader of the community but rather the leader of this server which I consider to be his community but not the Utonish community as a whole. If you really want @Nova 2016 2018 to not be the leader and want the owner to be different once in awhile then we are just going back to the “Utonish Community” days. If that’s what you want then I’m in support of that idea. But remember this is his community, not Utonish’s community, even though most of this community is Utonish based. This is his community and thus he’s the owner of said community.
Monthly Chat Vote Recap! https://youtu.be/eB08mTw8zrY?si=gX5r6923GqQBUp6o
https://tenor.com/view/cooking-cook-money-money-money-money-money-money-gif-16670048503852599108
It started with the OECD which then spread to the country section
Well he’s not allowed to run until September so if anything does happen he will be disqualified again
I’m pretty sure the song based on a Bulgarian folk song since it takes excerpts from one as you can hear in the background.
9/3 - The RWA take advantage over the tensions between NAFA and AE and dislike them
I see. I'm definitely prepared for that. If somehow Nigeria gets 1M dislikes then by then Nigeria will have double the likes. Also whoever dares to dislike Nigeria or any African country is racist and should back off.
@Karotten You are right. I don’t wanna repeat the same mistakes over and over again
No more life’s will be wasted in such a lie of a community
If anything we should create a fake GCAT server to troll him in
Alright sounds good. This actually gives me time to rework the Systems for both the ChatVote and IdleChatVote functions
Man should I also cover Georgia vs Armenia everyday?
Representative of Boston10xx: Are you sure that NIFA won’t notice anything suspicious about our presence?
Let’s make this as drama free and let’s actually make a difference and not cause any drama along the way
I plan on getting every nation above 10k likes starting in June
I literally could of swore it was green like an hour ago
And with Germany now rising, you got two threats to worry about
Watching the ChatVote Country live stream since the very first second
Ok I will temporarily be using Daniel’s strategy but at a smaller scale
I have huge plans for my High School Band in the future that I hope to be able to pull off soon
Ohh that’s right I completely forgot I also banned Nightbot💀
It almost happened twice when it came to Boston10zx passing Singapore for that short amount of time
Ok just be yourself. Don’t worry about anything. Everything will be fine
@Caucasian Don’t worry you won’t have to experience another war from me against your plans
@Benyi Pratam @Bayu ANYONE WHO THINKS THEY CAN MESS WITH US
The ongoing Turkish-Algerian Rivalry is crazy but the Singaporean-Algerian Rivalry for 2nd place is crazy too lol. So the whole Top 3 is fighting for whoever gets 1st
Hey guys, all flourish visualizations have been updated! https://app.flourish.studio/@FAME5MAU5_Studios_Flourish
Nah it was 100% real, because here are three facts that will convince you otherwise. Number 1: If it was fake, the the gravity wouldn’t of changed\nNumber 2: If it was fake, then my ego would of been crushed by now by Karavase\nNumber 3: Thank you Armstrong for making this happen
Should I just vote all 4.9k of mine in one sitting and not have to worry about it for the rest of the day?
DR Congo and Nigeria are Remi voted countries but I like both ROC and DRC
[Fuck that, check this out](https://www.accuweather.com/en/ge/tbilisi/171705/weather-forecast/171705)
Thanks to you guys actively voting the ICV, you guys have definitely put the ICV in a much better state in the Utonish Universe since June 2024. I’m very proud of you guys as always and even I have came back a little bit today to the ICV to vote as well. I think people should pay a little more attention to the ICV now that there’s more attention to it now.
The Gap between Indonesia and Singapore is 1.7T which is less than the total points of Greece!
Whatever you feel like doing. I suggest doing smaller goals first
I broke out of that awhile ago. I’m just here for fun you know
# OPERATION TRILOGY BEGINS SOON!\n\nGoal: To get Singapore on the Chat Vote to 1M votes while maintaining Nigeria as 1st in points.
In fact most countries are negative since I’m adjusting my rating of most countries
Maybe the Indonesians were behind the incident were Nigeria was reset to 200k votes on the Idlevote
Well yeah thats not just because of dislikes but also because of how small combos are at the start. Once combos are bigger we could see points comparable to that of CVC1
When I could of just accepted the results and moved on
This week I’m focusing on weekly and will see how it goes
OF ME, of course you are. Tell me, how much do you want to see me gone.
Also AIFA is now OFN Africana so really AIFA doesn’t even exist anymore lmao
PewDiePie has been removed the list and replaced with Shakira. Rip PewDiePie
The fires are gonna be broken but ill fix that next week
He’s doing a good job right now in ending wars, but only time will tell when he takes the wrong step and causes a war
*With the help of PAP the voter of Singapore they managed to get the gap between Falklands and Reunion down to the bare minimum*
Phew and I thought Utonish banned my GCAT account but I realized it was only a shadow lol
But when it comes to me and NBA, it’s just fine and Utonish doesn’t ban any
But Idk its insane how the idle chat vote grew to what it is now in 7 months
@GCAT Citizen  [3 More Days to Fill out the form to become Admin! Be sure to fill it before August 1st or you won’t be able to run next month!](https://forms.gle/FMwYQo1TQvfj1KNk7)
Turkey currently holds about 1/5 of the total points on the idle chat vote
New Visualization! Chat Vote vs Idle Chat Vote vs Idle Vote Growth/Vote History since 2024. https://public.flourish.studio/visualisation/19178862/
Same with Russia if they get above 1M then they will be reset too
But of course the text is going to be green or red depending on amount of growth or decline
They are growing double that of Nigeria which is insane
India vs Botswana has been heating up! India might pass Botswana in likes today!
Since the last time I checked which was 30 minutes ago
Idk how he’s still going at it but it’s gonna be a stalemate because of how massive Abdul’s combo is
Like where did all these spikes come from? It should be a perfectly curved line
That I did something bad to your friends and they want an apology
Bruh who cares about how people look. What matters is what they can do, not how they appear to be. I can’t believe you make that an excuse to dislike a country. It’s a very shameful statement Caucasian.
Its ok just send me it, nothing should be that wrong right?
I mean look how similar Singapore and Indonesia’s flags look, it’s basically just Bayu 2.0
https://music.youtube.com/watch?v=TuJVg_jAqEY&si=sM1lBaIjs9fTkj3h
Whatever happened yesterday we need to be better in preventing it
ALSO, You need to get to Lagos headquarters before the Nuclear Blast reaches there and if you don’t, it’s immediately game over
But you know it all depends on what happens in the present
Since I have 4 different Z-Ed accounts I will try supporting yall a little bit including Romania and Bosnia
Whatever PAP wannabe, you will not make a difference on the Utonish streams
The points per vote should be reduced to only how many votes their actually are not how many chats
I meant the Shadowban which prevents you from transferring
LESS THAN 100B LEFT UNTIL NIGERIA PASSES INDONESIA!
I can’t enforce it too much but please don’t do it for the love of god.
Most gained votes in a day this week:\n1. Singapore: 4,460 on 7/28/24 (Gold Medal)\n2. Cambodia: 1,014 on 7/28/24 (Sliver Medal)\n3. Spain: 919 on 8/1/24 (Bronze Medal)
@Utonish Can you fix the growth problem on the idle chat vote
Also make sure that line in the middle is not to thick
Ohh ok because I thought that was you when he voted the Philippines
Because you are repeating the same mistakes over and over again
It’s not that people would cheat(which probably a few people would) but rather Utonish was the mastermind behind creating such a flawed system that would make people cheat and then capitalizing on it by making a fake set of rules in hopes of “preventing cheating” and enforce it when it’s so ironic because he made the voting system that way so people can cheat.
I guess the platform that you use is more accurate than utonish's since its mainly used to depict sub counts
Ok @Utonish \nIf you see this message, today we are bringing Israel to 1,000,000 likes. So please Utonish, don’t nerf them like you did to Germany and Nigeria. We are doing this for a good cause not bad. Like let them be like Japan is right now. If so thank you and we promise you this will be a good cause for the idle vote.
I bet those Red Wave folks tomorrow are gonna be like: LETS DISLIKE DR CONGO AND FALKLAND ISLANDS
And everyone currently a mod is like the board of GCAT
Yeah since if I were to do it by percentage than that will be too much work for daily recaps
Basically it was because I was like “Hey, this is an underrated country”
Since we’re starting from low prices we won’t need too much money yet
Wait wasn’t it like a Coup where Georgia the state took power and proclaimed a Greater Georgian Empire
Your computer would probably explode running 250 id's for 24/7
That’s what I tried before but it kept crashing for some reason
What is there to lie about anyway? I'm PoTenTiaL. Not Roubaix.
I’m mentally straight right now and this dude wants to get on my nerves again
THIS TIME IM NOT PLAYING AROUND. WE WILL PASS INDONESIA ONCE AND FOR ALL
And btw when you create a channel make sure you remember the name of it since if you have lots of channels it will be hard to find
So if this limit persists, Utonish might ban it and I won’t be able to recover it
Hey guys, I will be adding a "PRETENDERS TO BE POWERS" section next update!
Plus this wasn’t even supposed to be an argument about me
Japan is expected to pass Cabo Verde and Dominica making it their first double pass
I’m not talking about CEC I’m talking about that Antarctica fool
Its fine because I will adapt to your formatting for numbers
Right I agree. I think we should limit our voting a whole ton
Even though they are Muslim which is what @Benyi Pratam advocates for
But it has to be done with great minded people not AI
That would be funny to see it immediately jump to 60M lmao and everyone will be like “Wtf”
I predict you’ll be able to pass them by the end of this quarter if you continued
The equivalent to this irl is ECOWAS which is an economic alliance between most of West Africa
It’s so random lmao like why compare Utonish to some random YouTuber lol
Fuck man, I’m really stressed right now and idk why. Sorry if I’m kinda being annoying.
That’s because we are not waiting 30 minutes for 60 votes as they are. They are releasing their 60 votes every 30 minutes which equals 700
If NIFA focuses all its effort on one country, that would be possible
For now I might as well continue to fall behind until I find that answer.
True, you definitely don’t wanna get to the level of insane when it comes to my chaos. I broke multiple rules on the server multiple times in a row and somehow I’m still alive and well. I hope this is a lesson learned for y’all to follow the rules and not make a fool of yourself in tough times like this.
1. The French Territories Dislikers (The most powerful faction)\n2. Israel Disliker\n3. Other dislikers (Least Powerful)
I had the bare minimum of enjoyment from the Combo which I have since lost
4/14 - Southern Africa holds more talks with the ADP in regards to cooperation against NIFA
Since NIFA was so selfish back then with Nigeria, utonish nerfed us
Yeah because we also would need to hijack his local server too
So far we have been able to push the reds all the way back to where they originally were plus pushing to where Pitcairn is now! So below Pitcairn is still red but above that except Japan is all back to green!
So my conclusion is that it indeed does take two weeks
Algeria is now the highest Muslim Majority nation on the idle chat vote
How tf did I get in this mess in the first place again?
And apparently they are repeating the same exact strategy they employed when Vietnam and Germany were fighting to get 1M points
Just be happy with yourself. Don’t fear of losing grip on the things you want because no matter what, you will get it. It may not be in the outcome you expect but at least it will mean something to you. Whenever you try to hold it back, it piles up and makes you feel guilty, but it doesn’t have to be that way. But when you look back at it, you realize how much different you were from then, and with that, at least you have done the thing you wanted.
This dumbass is stupid, why are they voting Indonesia lol
Why you want me to do that for the US 50 States section
This is probably the only edit I’m going to make on the Combo side of things
Growing at 1,256,656 per second or 12m per 10 seconds, this will be the true war to end all wars
Also Portugal, France and Italy are still in the Top 40 because they never change their position
Welp they got Israel to 250 which is ultimately what they wanted
Also Utonish doesn’t recap the idle vote or stream it
But idc who wins because either way I’m gonna vote on it
Its now out on my channel: https://youtu.be/7tm5Z7vHUSI?si=APUsJd8oWRQbCdpk
But like I said if the autoclicker is used when your not there that’s automatically Stage 1
And you guys can establish your own Red zones if you want
And I literally hate when he says “Muslim Supremacy”
I’m able to hold back the Red Wave for now but once they unite their forces together to take on Vietnam, we are cooked
https://youtube.com/shorts/w-0p2PtVFns?si=-9r7-1c1CvFzo1oU
Nigeria 3.4T Points! https://youtube.com/shorts/IurjX6eO0hM?si=H8yHSyqWQYXZNbxn
I need to hit my main goal by the end of the year which is 1M votes
But my point is whatever we want to input to the API will be updated in the database and will automatically change after 60 seconds
48k more growth until Russia enters the Top 20 passing Sierra Leone
Spain surprisingly recently passed Nigeria in total universal points
They think by disliking other nations is gonna win them a place in number 1
Hey I owned that alliance you didn’t, so I’m disbanding your remnants
If you insult another staff member, your prison sentence will be doubled again
NIFA ALERT: The Red Wave attacks are now focused on Benin due to their relatively low dislike count, previously Niger was attacked due to their relatively low dislike count from others, now Benin is being attacked and they have gained over 200 dislikes from yesterday.
This is weird stuff however I’m not sure if this is somehow connected to the attacks on Israel
This is the only time they have opposed Singapore which was 4 days ago
Same my mom came from Vietnam after the war had ended in a Communist victory. She felt the affects of politics. Starvation, poverty. She along with my grandparents woke up to that. They didn’t like what was happening and decided to move to the US where we are now.
Where ever dislikes from the Red Wave come from will be countered but whoever dislikes that isn’t the Red Wave, we will leave alone.
It was all because of this stupidity of an operation I’ve been going through
So as you can see there are many more members now, like Angola, Ghana, Côte d’Ivoire, Ethiopia, and Morocco
Weekly Idle Vote Recap! https://youtube.com/shorts/lJr76Dk7eIw?si=k0JZvyNjmEJgBNhQ
Top 10 highest cities in the world if it was based off of Chat vote points
Yeah it looks like they are gonna continue to dislike Vietnam
EVEN THE WHOLE UTONISH COMMUNITY IS AGAINST ME I WILL ACHIEVE MY GOAL
WERE NOT\n# GLOBAL ARTIFICIAL COMMUNITY OF ALL TOPICS
Alabama has passed 100k likes! The second country to do so after North Carolina!
Well I don’t wanna stay on here too long so I’m just gonna get to work
These are all separate goals so these goals tackle different fields. So if we’re talking about the Too 35 over 1T points on the ChatVote, that’s not the same as going for 2 more countries above 100K votes unless the country is below 100K votes
Just create accounts over and over again, then vote, and then delete them all over and over again
RO: But there’s no way our hallucinations made such accurate English
They are probably the people behind the whole red wave
Tôi hiểu cảm giác của bạn. Tôi cũng đã trải qua những khó khăn tương tự như bạn rất nhiều trong quá khứ. Và cho đến tận bây giờ, tôi vẫn thường nghĩ về những điều đó.
# NEW UPDATES TO THE DAILY REPORT:\nSame thing as last time. A bit more changes of the formatting so it matches @Daniel The Great 🇷🇺 's weekly report format, and I have fixed the Section Title bug where it didn't display (), and I have fixed the wrong emojis from the Points List being showed in the Vote Power List to being the correct one.
@Utonish  wtf… https://youtube.com/shorts/sGllkGvfKuM?si=qZ0XtAg_U9pBSvyN
Next year when NIFA expands its capacity they will accept members
So in order for you to not be mistaken as part of **The Unknowns** I suggest you name yourself on the site!
The alliance you created with me which me and Karotten turned into the OFN
